---
name: email-repo-xoxoday-overall
description: Email repository: Xoxoday overall pitch and founder outreach emails (long-form Variant B source)
metadata:
  type: reference
---

Source: Email Repository Xoxoday 2025.docx

Xoxoday Overall Pitch Subject Line: Power Your Rewards, Incentives, and Loyalty Programs with Xoxoday Email 1: Body: Hi {{First Name}}, As you strive to enhance customer loyalty, strengthen employee engagement, and optimize sales performance at {{company name}}, consider Xoxoday’s comprehensive suite of innovative solutions. Our products allow you to manage rewards, foster motivation, and witness tangible results that propel your business forward. Plum - An all-in-one rewards, incentives, and payouts infrastructure with a global rewards catalog of 1 million+ reward options across 25+ categories. Loyalife - An end-to-end loyalty infrastructure for businesses to boost customer engagement and loyalty by launching personalized omnichannel loyalty programs globally. Empuls - A holistic employee engagement platform that seamlessly integrates with hundreds of HRMS/HRIS/HCM platforms to digitize employee rewards, recognition, surveys, perks & benefit Compass - A comprehensive commission automation platform to boost sales by delivering on-time commissions with a frictionless compensation experience. I would like to discuss and explore how Xoxoday 's products can help achieve various business goals at {{company name}}. Could we schedule a brief meeting this week? Best Regards, _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email 2: Approved Hi {{First Name}}, Organizations across the globe are on the constant lookout for innovative ways to grow, engage, and build deeper relationships with their stakeholders, including customers, partners, employees, and communities. Xoxoday is used to digitize loyalty, rewards, incentives, and commissions across the entire business value chain by 8,000+ businesses, including Amazon, Microsoft, VISA, HP, Adobe, HSBC, Infosys, Standard Chartered, PWC, McKinsey & Co, Kennametal, AT&T, Nestle, etc. Our solutions cater to various business personas, and I thought you might be interested in exploring them: For Consumers - Implement structured promotions, incentives, and loyalty programs for customer acquisition, retention, engagement, and loyalty. For Influencers - Incentivize influencers (e.g., plumbers, carpenters, electricians, doctors) to promote your products using QR codes and mobile OTP for authentication. For Channel Partners - Digitize commissions, incentives, rebates, trade schemes, and stock-clearance offers for distributors and channel partners. For Sales Teams - Boost sales incentives with digitized and gamified programs. Integrate with CRMs, configure commissions, leaderboards, scorecards, and milestones, and ensure error-free payments. For Corporate Employees - Launch employee R&R programs in under 60 minutes. Seamlessly integrate with your HRMS/HRIS/HCM systems to digitize awards, surveys, perks, benefits, and budget management. For Customer Support Teams - A robust rewards program to foster teamwork, continuous improvement, and a positive company culture to enhance support operations. I would like to discuss and explore how Xoxoday 's products can help achieve various business goals at {{company name}}. Could we schedule a brief meeting this week? Best Regards, _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Xoxoday Founder Reach-out 1)LinkedIn Connect request Message from manoj linkedin Hi Scott, This is Manoj, Co-founder of Xoxoday . There are business synergies we can explore in working together. It will be great if we can discuss this over a 15-30 min call. Let me know a good day and time to fix a call. My email is manoj@xoxoday.com. Please share your contact details too. Thanks & Regards XYZ ================================================================ 2) WhatsApp text /Email (to Farming Accounts only) Hi {{ contact.firstname }}, I hope you are doing well. This is { name} from Xoxoday . Xoxoday manages employee rewards, employee benefits, channel & sales incentives, customer loyalty programs for 2000+ enterprises globally. I am very thankful for your continued trust in our products and services. While you might already know about our products, here is a quick summary of our solutions. 1) Employee rewards, recognition, benefits, and surveys. 2) Loyalty program management for banks, fintech, airlines, hotels, retail etc. 3) Channel & Sales incentives. 4) Global rewards catalog of more than 1 mn products including gift cards, hotels, flights, airmiles, merchandise, swags, experiences, mobile top-ups, prepaid cards, payouts & more. Rewards for diverse use cases like survey panel incentives, corporate gifting, gaming, crypto, referrals, point redemption programs, white-labelled storefronts & more. 5) Merchant & Card linked offers for banks, fintech and E-commerce. It would be great if we can get a 30 min slot to discuss any feedback on our existing services and explore any new requirements at your end. You can please book my calendar from here – LINK Thanks & Regards XYZ =========================================================================== 3) New Intro email – 2025 (Hunting Accounts only) 1)Subject Line – Xoxoday Rewards, Incentives & Loyalty solutions Dear {{ contact.firstname }} , I hope you’re doing well! I’d like to introduce you to Xoxoday , a trusted platform helping over 2,000 businesses worldwide. Xoxoday manages employee rewards, employee benefits, channel & sales incentives, customer loyalty programs for enterprises globally. Here is a quick summary of our solutions: 1. For Customers - Create impactful promotions, referral, loyalty, and incentive programs to attract, retain, and engage your customers. 2. For Channel Partners & Influencers - Digitize trade commissions, sales or channel incentives, rebates & trade schemes. 3. For Employees - Launch employee benefits, surveys, recognition and rewards programs with seamless integration into MS Teams, Slack, HRMS and more. 4. Global rewards catalog of more than 1 mn products including gift cards, hotels, flights, airmiles, merchandise, swags, experiences, mobile top-ups, prepaid cards, payouts & more. Rewards for diverse use cases like survey panel incentives, corporate gifting, gaming, crypto, referrals, point redemption programs, white-labelled storefronts & more. 5. Merchant & Card linked offers for banks, fintech and E-commerce. Xoxoday is backed by Apis Partners private equity, with over 500 employees across 9 global offices. We are recognized as a top software provider on G2, Forrester, Gartner, and more. We’d love to discuss how Xoxoday can add value to your organization. Are you available for a brief call? Thanks & Regards XYZ =========================================================== 2) Subject line – Xoxoday Employee intranet, rewards, benefits & survey solutions Dear {{ contact.firstname }}, I hope this message finds you well. I'm excited to introduce you to Xoxoday Empuls , our comprehensive employee engagement platform designed to enhance workplace satisfaction and productivity. Empuls empowers organizations to connect, appreciate, reward, and listen to their employees, fostering a culture of recognition and continuous improvement. Key Features: Recognition & Rewards: Facilitate peer-to-peer recognition and automate reward workflows to celebrate achievements and milestones. Surveys & Feedback: Conduct lifecycle surveys, including eNPS and pulse surveys, to gauge employee sentiment and gather actionable insights. Perks & Benefits: Offer a vast catalog of discounts, wellness benefits, gift cards, meal cards & tax benefit cards provide employees with meaningful savings & benefits. Communication & Collaboration: Enhance internal communication with a social intranet, enabling teams to connect, collaborate, and stay aligned with company goals. People Analytics: Leverage data-driven insights to understand employee engagement levels and make informed decisions to improve workplace culture. Empuls integrates with Microsoft Teams, Slack, Gsuite , HRMS, HCM, & various other work tools to make it seamless in the flow of work. We are backed by Apis Partners private equity, with over 500 employees across 9 global offices. We are recognized as a top software provider on G2, Forrester, Gartner, and more. We’d love to discuss how we can add value to your employee initiatives. Are you available for a brief call? Thanks & Regards XYZ ============================= Plum Plum Overall P itch - NA Plum By P ersona - NA Plum for HR Plum for Sales Plum for CXO Plum for Marketing Plum By U se C ases CRM/ABM Email 1 Subject Line: Elevate Your ABM Strategy with Personalized Digital Gifting Hi [First Name], Fostering meaningful connections with strategic accounts is paramount to achieving business growth. While standard marketing tactics can attract attention, nurturing high-value prospects requires a personalized approach that goes beyond the ordinary. Xoxoday is designed to empower your account strategy with customized digital gifting experiences. It seamlessly integrates with leading ABM platforms like Demandbase , 6sense, B a mbora and CRMs like Salesforce, HubSpot and more. Xoxoday enables you to: Personalize gifts to the unique preferences of your strategic accounts: Tailor gifts that resonate with their interests, hobbies, and professional aspirations. Automate reward delivery: Trigger rewards automatically based on desired actions, ensuring timely engagement and fostering stronger relationships. Track the impact of your gifting efforts: Gain comprehensive insights into gift redemption rates, engagement levels, and campaign performance, enabling data-driven decision-making. Ready to elevate your ABM strategy with the power of rewards? Let's connect and explore how Xoxoday can help you achieve exceptional results. Best regards, ========================================================================== Email 2: approved Subject Line: Streamlined Reward Management for ABM Campaigns Hi [First Name], Xoxoday empowers you to effortlessly manage your ABM reward programs without the need for developer assistance. This streamlined approach allows you to: Increased prospect engagement: Personalized gifts capture attention and make a positive impression, increasing receptivity to your marketing messages. Improved lead conversion rates: Rewarding desired actions, such as demo requests or case study downloads, nurtures leads along the sales funnel, boosting conversion potential. Strengthened customer relationships: Expressing appreciation through thoughtful gifts reinforces customer loyalty and strengthens relationships with key accounts Ready to explore the endless world of rewards? Let us know, and we'll be happy to connect. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email 3 - approved (Focused on type for marketing campaigns) Subject Line: Global Reach, Local Appeal: Personalized Rewards for Your Strategic Accounts Hi [First Name] With Xoxoday's expansive global reward catalog, you gain access to over 1 million reward options spanning more than 30 categories. From gift cards to unforgettable experiences, merchandise to travel adventures, our reward catalog provides the flexibility to tailor your reward program to match the unique preferences of each strategic account. To ensure seamless reward delivery across borders, Xoxoday offers real-time reward delivery to over 100+ countries. Our multi-currency and multi-lingual capabilities eliminate language barriers and currency exchange hassles, ensuring that your rewards are received and appreciated by recipients around the world. By embracing the power of global rewards with Xoxoday , you can reap a multitude of benefits: Strengthened Customer Relationships: Express appreciation through thoughtful global rewards and cultivate stronger relationships with strategic accounts across borders. Enhanced Brand Loyalty: Demonstrate a commitment to understanding and catering to diverse preferences, fostering brand loyalty among strategic accounts worldwide. Elevated Customer Satisfaction: Provide a seamless and rewarding experience, regardless of location, and elevate customer satisfaction among strategic accounts globally. Ready to create demand and generate higher revenues? Let's connect to explore how this strategy can elevate your marketing campaigns. Best regards _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email 4: - approved Subject Line: Exclusive Offer: Claim Your $100 Credit to Kickstart Your Rewards Program Hi First Name, We'd like to extend the offer to enhance your rewards program with Xoxoday . By integrating Xoxoday with your ABM platform, you can unlock a $100 credit in your Xoxoday wallet. This credit can be used to send rewards to customers or boost funnel engagement, providing you with the perfect way to launch your rewarding journey. This is your chance to fully unleash the potential of the Xoxoday integration. Don't wait; respond with 'YES' to this email and seize your $100 credit today. Should you have any questions or require assistance in getting started, please feel free to reach out. We're here to support you in creating unforgettable, rewarding experiences. Best regards _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email 5: - approved Subject Line: Last Chance: Claim Your $100 Credit Now! Hi First Name, We wanted to remind you about the exclusive offer to supercharge your rewards program with Xoxoday . Xoxoday makes managing your rewards program a breeze, and you can utilize the $100 credit to create meaningful connections with your customers through rewards and accelerate sales. Reply 'YES' to this email to seize your $100 credit. Book a slot and one of our experts will help you get started. Let's make your rewarding experiences unforgettable today! _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email 6: -approved Subject Line: Your Input Matters: Get a $25 gift card for sharing your feedback! Hi First Name, In an effort to understand your reservations about not using the Xoxoday for your rewards, we kindly request your feedback. Your input is invaluable to us and will help us refine our offerings to better cater to your needs. Please let us know if any of the following points align with the reason for your hesitation: A. Product lacks features expected B. Using a competitor (Please share the name) C. Limited reward catalog options D. Not keen on implementing a reward program E. Price is higher than expected E. Other (Please mention) Please respond with A, B, C, or D, and If your concern falls under point E, we would greatly appreciate it if you could provide further details. Your feedback will help us assist with any specific requirements or challenges you may have. To express our gratitude for your time, we would be pleased to offer a $25 gift card upon sharing your feedback! Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or require further information. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Inmail : Subject Line: O1: Increase your conversions with personalized digital gifting O2: Unlock the Power of Personalized Rewards with Xoxoday Body: Hi {{First Name}}, Rewards are the new currency for engagement and conversion and integrating it into your CRM can be a powerful strategy to achieve these goals, especially for account-based marketing (ABM). Xoxoday seamlessly integrates with your CRM, enabling you to effortlessly implement a personalized gifting program that truly resonates with your target audience. Reasons to choose Xoxoday for rewards: Global Catalog - Offer 1mn+ options across 100+ countries in various currencies, including gift cards, merchandise, and unique experiences. Custom Triggers - Integrate rewards into workflows and set up triggers for automated personalized emails and rewards with custom landing pages. Advanced Analytics - Take data-driven decisions with insights on reward redemption rates and volume data. I'm eager to discuss how Xoxoday can enhance your strategy and drive growth for your {{company name}}. When would be a good time to connect over a call? Best Regards, _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Hubspot and Salesforce Users Emailer 1: Subject: Turn your CRM into an Engagement Machine Hi {{First Name}}, I am Gaurav from Xoxoday . I lead partnerships here. I'm excited to introduce you to Xoxoday CRM Rewards – a solution designed to engage your customers and prospects with customizable CRM rewards. With Xoxoday , companies like Pepsi, Nielsen, Freshworks , H&M, Capgemini, and others are rewarding prospects and customers to fetch more customer meetings, increase their upsell volume, and do more. Here Is What Makes Our Reward Platform a No-Brainer: Connect with your existing CRM with ease: Integrate with Hubspot , Salesforce, MS Dynamics, Active Campaign, or any CRM to create reward workflows for different user triggers. World’s Largest Reward Catalog: Choose to send rewards from 10 million+ rewards including 100K+ experiences and 10K+ branded gift cards. Personalize your Sales Campaigns: Create attractive reward emails using predesigned templates with your own brand language. Send Rewards Globally in Different Modes: Delight your prospects and customers with localized gifts of their choice delivered via SMS, email, or WhatsApp. Get Detailed Reward Data Insights and AI-Powered Recommendations: View the reward redemption data in a unified dashboard along with suggestions on how to improve reward campaign performance. If this sounds interesting to you, I would be happy to schedule a personalized demo to talk about how we can add value to you. Best, Gaurav Sava Associate-Director, Sales, Xoxoday Emailer 2 - Subject: Effortlessly Integrate Xoxoday Rewards into Your Existing CRM Hi {{First Name}}, I wanted to follow up on my previous email and provide more details on how Xoxoday CRM Rewards can help you strengthen existing relationships with prospects and customers. Here Is Why You Need to Try ABM Marketing Rewards from Xoxoday . 👇 Boost Customer Retention: Incentives significantly boost customer loyalty, ensuring they remain active and invested in your services. Increase Engagement: Rewarded customers are more likely to engage deeply with your offerings, leading to higher satisfaction. Get Multi-Currency Support: Our reward platform supports multiple currencies, making it easier for you to cater to a global audience. Geo Coverage: Reach prospects and customers in 135 countries with our extensive geographic coverage. 24/7 Customer Support: We provide round-the-clock chat and email support for reward-related queries at any time. I’d be happy to share case studies and success stories on how others have leveraged ABM rewards with Xoxoday . If this sounds interesting to you, I would be happy to schedule a personalized demo to talk about how we can add value to you. Best, Gaurav Sava Associate-Director, Sales, Xoxoday Emailer 3 - Subject: Discover how Freshworks leveraged Xoxoday CRM Rewards Hi {{First Name}}, I wanted to share with you a case study on how Freshworks , one of the biggest SaaS unicorns out of India has leveraged Xoxoday ABM Rewards. Highlights from the customer story. 👇 Freshworks sent over $5,000+ worth of brand vouchers through Xoxoday's platform. Automated and sent localized rewards to referrers, regardless of their location, through customized referral campaigns. Xoxoday's Zapier integration and tech blocks streamlined lead capturing and currency conversion. Customized landing pages with CTAs redirected end-users to redeem localized brand vouchers instantly. We would love to work with you to see how {{Company Name}} can similarly leverage CRM rewards to convert more prospects into customers and build better relationships with your existing clientele. Let me know if we can connect sometime over a call to chat this week? Best, Gaurav Sava Associate-Director, Sales, Xoxoday Emailer 4 Subject: Interested in Learning More About Xoxoday CRM Rewards? {{First Name}}, Over the past few weeks, I’ve shared how Xoxoday CRM Rewards can seamlessly integrate with your existing tools like Salesforce, HubSpot, Freshworks , Zoho CRM, and others, boosting engagement across the sales funnel. We believe Xoxoday ABM Rewards can greatly benefit and help you build stronger relationships with prospects and customers. We'd love to keep you informed about our latest updates, case studies, and best practices. If you’re interested in receiving more information about how Xoxoday CRM Rewards can help you, please let us know by replying to this email or clicking the link below. [Yes, I’d like to receive more information] If you have any questions or would like a demo, feel free to reach out anytime. Looking forward to your response! Best, Gaurav Sava Associate-Director, Sales, Xoxoday Survey R ewards Persona- research managers/directors, Product managers, Customer success, customer loyalty Approved Email 1: Subject : Elevate Your Survey Responses with Xoxoday Integration Are you tired of struggling with low survey response rates? You can boost participant engagement by integrating rewards with your favorite survey tool. Here's how you can integrate Xoxoday’s Rewards Platform with your survey tool: Seamless Integration: Find Xoxoday in your survey tool's Marketplace and connect it with a single click. Enhance your survey campaigns in no time! Smart Rewarding: Motivate your participants with trigger-based rewards based on completion rates and response quality. Get valuable insights from engaged participants. Instant Gratification: Delight survey participants with gift cards, experiences, merchandise, and prepaid cards they can redeem instantly from our extensive catalog, featuring over 26,000 options from 5,000+ global brands. Schedule a demo today to transform your survey campaigns. Don't let low response rates hinder your success. Elevate your survey campaigns with rewards integration and gather meaningful insights. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email 2: Hi [First Name] In the fast-paced world of data-driven decisions, we understand the importance of gathering valuable insights through surveys. However, survey fatigue can often be a roadblock to your campaign's success. Overcome Survey Participation Refusals: One way to combat this challenge is by embedding attractive rewards and incentives into your surveys. Rewards can transform surveys from a mundane task into an exciting opportunity to gain something valuable, thereby significantly increasing participation rates. Instill Motivation and Drive Engagement: Offering enticing and relevant rewards can maximize their impact. Participants not only engage better but also provide thoughtful responses. This approach leads to higher response rates and provides you with actionable insights that are crucial for making informed decisions. Increase Response Rates and Gain Actionable Insights: When participants feel that their opinions are genuinely valued, they become more candid in their responses. This higher level of engagement results in more accurate and actionable insights. Don't let survey fatigue hinder your campaign's success any longer. With Xoxoday rewards, you can revitalize your surveys, gather valuable insights, and keep participants engaged and motivated. Ready to witness the transformation in your survey campaigns? Schedule a demo with us today! _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email 3: Subject: Boost Your Survey Response Rates with Reward Integration Hi [First Name], Supercharge your survey and research campaigns with Xoxoday's powerful reward engine and witness a remarkable surge in your response rates! Regardless of the survey use case, we're here to eliminate the "No!" from "No, Thanks!" by enticing up to 50% of non-responders to actively participate. Discover how Xoxoday can elevate your survey experience across various use cases: General Surveys: Elevate response rates by motivating participants while respecting their privacy through anonymous rewards. Customer Feedback: Reward your customers for their invaluable feedback, enhancing your products and driving higher response volumes in product trials. UX Research: Incentivize UI/UX input sharing and entice global participants with Xoxoday's extensive catalog, featuring over 26,000+ options. Market Research : Encourage comprehensive questionnaire completion for deeper insights and acknowledge participants in focus groups with rewarding incentives for their valuable inputs. Academic Research: Engage respondents discreetly with exciting rewards, foster student participation, and maintain a consistent flow of feedback. Clinical Trials: Express gratitude and reduce drop-offs and panelist churn by offering meaningful rewards. Ready to revolutionize your survey campaigns and elevate participant engagement to new heights? Schedule a demo with us today to explore the boundless potential of reward integration. Best Regards, _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email-4 Hi {{First Name}}, In order to understand your reservations about not using Xoxoday as the rewards partner for {{company name}}, I kindly request your feedback. It will help us refine our offerings to better cater to your needs. Please let me know if any of the following points align with the reason: Feature gap (Please specify the features you’re looking for) Using a competitor (Please share the name) Limited reward catalog options (Please specify the options you’re looking for) Not keen on implementing a rewards solution Pricing issues Other (Please mention) Please respond with A, B, C, D, or E, and if your concern falls under F, I would greatly appreciate it if you could provide further details. Best Regards, _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Inmail 1: needs approval Hi {{First Name}}, What if you could boost your survey response rates by 5X? Leading research companies like Nielsen, Kantar, and Borderless Access use Xoxoday to enhance survey participation, engagement, and response rates. Largest Rewards Marketplace: Offer 1M+ rewards from 150+ countries across 30+ categories, including gift cards, merchandise, payouts, prepaid cards, and much more. Link-Based Rewarding: Simplify reward distribution with Xoxo Link, allowing reward distribution to even anonymous participants and paying only for the rewards redeemed. Reward Automation: Automate reward distribution with just one click by connecting with popular survey tools like Qualtrics, SurveyMonkey, and Typeform . Global Rewarding: Reward participants worldwide in multiple languages, currencies, and flexible denominations. I would love to discuss this with you at length. Could we schedule a call at your convenience, {{first name}}? Best, _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Inmail 2: needs approval Hi {{First Name}}, Is survey fatigue affecting the participation rate and overall success of your surveys? Offer exciting rewards and incentives with Xoxoday and showcase to participants what's in it for them. Here's what we offer: Global Rewards Marketplace: Offer 1M+ rewards from 150+ countries across 30+ categories, including gift cards, merchandise, experiences, and much more. Bulk Rewards: Distribute rewards seamlessly with the bulk reward feature. Upload recipients effortlessly using CSV, API, or integrations. Personalized Delivery: Customize and craft personalized messages, emails, and landing pages with your brand's theme and logo. Advanced Reports and Analytics: Monitor redemption rates and generate detailed reports to gauge the effectiveness of your campaign. Would you like to discuss how Xoxoday can help you engage your research participants like we did for Kantar and Nielsen? Could we schedule a brief call at your convenience? Best, _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Surv