---
name: email-repo-empuls
description: Email repository: Empuls use cases - R&R, Surveys, Perks, Employee Engagement, Social Intranet, IT/ITES (long-form Variant B source)
metadata:
  type: reference
---

Source: Email Repository Xoxoday 2025.docx

Empuls Overall P itch Empuls By P ersona - NA Empuls for HR Empuls for CXO Empuls By U se C ases R ewards and recognition Email 1 Subject: Are you truly optimizing your R&R initiatives? Body: A well-designed recognition and rewards program can drive an 11.1% increase in average employee performance. Which is why, companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe and Nielsen use Empuls for their rewards and recognition programs. Their strategy is simple — invest in your people, and they will take care of your business. Why Empuls is Your Ideal Solution: Vast global catalog - Diverse catalog of reward options spanning 100+ countries and 25+ categories ranging from branded gift cards, merchandise, experiences, travel, charity, and much more. Multilingual and multi-currency options - With support in 50+ languages, multiple currencies and multi-region deployment, Empuls supports global reward and recognition programs effortlessly. No hidden charges - Experience transparent pricing with no markups or hidden charges. Customized to suit your needs - Empuls adapts to your needs, allowing easy customization to match your brand. Get custom features and designs for specific enterprise requirements. Ready to free up your HR team to focus on strategic recognition initiatives? Let’s hop on a call and explore how Empuls can help you achieve them. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Email 2 Subject Line : Is your current Rewards and Recognition program effective? 81% of HR professionals believe their current rewards and recognition platform is ineffective. The primary concern is the absence of frequent and meaningful rewards throughout the year, leading to the lack of employee participation. Here’s how Empuls solves this problem. Vast global catalog - Covering 100+ countries, across 20+ reward categories, Empuls offers 1M+ reward options ranging from gift cards, merchandise, experiences, Amazon, swag, and more. Easy Integration - Empuls seamlessly integrates with everyday collaboration tools like Microsoft and Slack. Multilingual and multi-currency options - With 50+ languages, multiple currencies, and multi-region deployment, Empuls effortlessly supports global reward and recognition programs. Customization - Empuls adapts to your needs, allowing easy customization to match your brand. Get custom features and designs for specific enterprise requirements. Organizations with robust recognition programs are 21% more profitable than their counterparts and see a 27% gain in employee performance , which is why companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, and Nielsen use Empuls to drive their rewards and recognition programs. Are you ready to invest in a platform that is effective in motivating your employees? Let’s hop on a call for a walkthrough of how Empuls can help you achieve your goals. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ Surveys Email 1 Subject: Are you taking advantage of employee feedback? Hi < first_name >, As 2024 approaches, HR leaders are prioritizing managerial development, DEI, and employee engagement within organizational culture. But how often are you measuring the impact of these goals? Empuls gives you all the tools needed to power your employee listening strategy. eNPS & Pulse survey to measure engagement and identify areas of concern. Lifecycle surveys to seek feedback at every stage in the employee’s journey. Engagement insights and action plans to work on areas of improvement. If you are looking to launch or enhance your employee listening strategies, please reply to this message, and I’ll schedule a call to walk you through how Empuls can solve your unique needs. Region - Use case - Surveys Personas - HR , People, Culture, Benefits, Compensation, Total Rewards Approved - No Industry - not provided Company size - not provided Email 1 Subject: How do you measure the ROI of your people initiatives? Hi [First Name], As the [designation] of [company name], how do you plan your people initiatives? More importantly, how do you measure the success and ROI of these initiatives? Empuls is a powerful solution for gathering meaningful employee feedback through surveys. With our intuitive surveys, you can: Understand Areas of Improvement: Gain actionable insights to identify strengths and areas needing attention. Optimize People Initiatives: Use data-driven feedback to fine-tune your programs and boost employee engagement. Use a Science-Backed Approach: Our surveys are designed with input from SHRM, ensuring they are effective and minimize survey fatigue. Empuls surveys include eNPS , pulse, lifecycle, and custom surveys, scheduling and automation to save time and integration with your existing work tools like Microsoft Teams and HRMS. Our platform improves participation rates and helps you fully utilise your people initiative investments. Can we connect to discuss how Empuls can elevate your employee feedback and engagement strategy? Best regards, Email 2 Subject: Let’s talk about improving employee feedback Hi [First Name], I hope you're doing well! While I'm sure [Company Name] has an employee listening and engagement strategy in place, I'm curious to know how you are implementing it. I would like to take this opportunity to give you a peek into Empuls Surveys. Our surveys are designed in collaboration with SHRM to ensure anonymity (increase participation and provide honest responses), reliability (statistically validated questions) and validity (short surveys to avoid responder fatigue and bias). The platform is both user-friendly and easy to set up. With Empuls , you can: Analyze Your Data: Empuls doesn't stop at gathering feedback; it goes further to offer trend reports, industry benchmarking, and provide actionable insights. Personalize Your Surveys: Customize your surveys with tailored questions and settings, including multiple languages, anonymity, and branding options. Integrate with Existing Tools: Seamlessly integrate Empuls with your current collaboration tools like Microsoft Teams and Slack for easy feedback collection. In addition, here’s a resource to help refine your employee Pulse survey questions for the next cycle. Would you be available for a call to discuss how Empuls can enhance [company name]’s feedback methods? Best, Email 3 Subject: Improve your eNPs scores in the next feedback cycle Hi [First Name], At Empuls , we’ve been researching how organizations like [company name] can better understand and engage employees. Gathering meaningful feedback is often easier said than done, but it’s crucial for driving positive change. Our latest reports reveal an impressive 67% improvement in overall eNPS scores for our clients. Our customers made the smart switch to Empuls from popular tools such as Qualtrics XM and Gallup. Here are some of the reasons why our customers chose Empuls surveys to power their employee engagement strategy: Data Migration: We ensure a smooth transition by integrating effortlessly with your existing tools to retain historical data and maintain continuity. Customizable Options: From customizing the questions to the rating scales and data representation, we can customize surveys to fit your needs. Professional Services: Get support with survey design, implementation, and ongoing consultation to maximize impact. Actionable Insights: Receive in-depth analytics and reports highlighting key trends and improvement areas, empowering you to make informed decisions. Our AI capabilities let you streamline survey scheduling, increase participation with nudges and alerts, and receive notifications when enough responses are collected. I'm keen to learn about your current challenges with employee feedback and explore how Empuls could assist. Would you be open to scheduling a call or a quick demo to delve deeper? Looking forward to your thoughts. Best regards, Email 4 Subject: Checking in – do you want to explore Empuls surveys? Hi [First Name], I hope you’re doing well! I wanted to check in and see if you had any questions about Empuls surveys or if there’s anything else we can help with. I understand if you're not looking for a new solution at the moment , but I wanted to ensure you have all the information you need. Empuls offers a unique way to gather and act on employee feedback, helping to drive engagement and improve overall employee satisfaction. If you ever decide to explore new options, we’d be happy to assist. Please feel free to reach out anytime if you have questions or would like to discuss further. Best regards, Tax Benefits - NA Perks & Benefits Email 1 Subject Line: Is employee morale low due to financial stress? Hi < first_name >, Financial stress continues to be top of mind among the many stresses that employees encounter in their daily lives. According to PwC's 2023 Employee Financial Wellness Survey , 57% of employees say finances are the top cause of stress and 53% say that inflation is a cause of worry. Given an organization’s budget limitations, increasing wages across the board to tackle inflation can be quite challenging. A comprehensive perks and benefits program can go a long way in maximizing your employee’s savings. With Empuls Perks and Benefits this is easy to achieve. Empuls gives you access to an expansive discounts marketplace, for discounts, deals, offers, and cashback on local and popular brands, so employees can save on planned and unplanned expenses for their entire family. It’s a benefit that touches everyone across your multi-generational workforce. When you care for your employees, they will be happy, stress-free, and more productive, leading business growth and innovation. If this is a priority for you, please reply to this message and I will set up a meeting to connect with you and walk you through how Empuls can solve your unique needs. Email 2 Subject Line: Is it tough to attract and retain top talent? Gartner highlights that 59% of HR leaders expect increased competition for talent in the coming months. Companies are out-perking each other in the "Talent War" by giving employees what they want. Are you looking for a proven way to keep employees happy and engaged to retain them? With Empuls Perks and Benefits , it’s easy to achieve. Empuls give your employees access to an ever-expanding discounts marketplace, providing deals, offers, discounts, and cashback on local and popular brands, to help them save on planned and unplanned expenses for their family. It’s the best way to maximize savings that puts money back in their wallets. Furthermore, you can customize the platform to align with your organization's overall benefits strategy and meet the unique needs of a multi-generational workforce. Please reply to this message and I will set up a meeting to connect with you and walk you through how Empuls can solve your unique needs. Email 3 Subject Line: Is employee morale low due to financial stress? Hi < first_name >, Financial stress continues to be top of mind among the many stresses that employees encounter in their daily lives. According to PwC's 2023 Employee Financial Wellness Survey , 57% of employees say finances are the top cause of stress and 53% say that inflation is a cause of worry. Given an organization’s budget limitations, increasing salaries across the board to tackle inflation can be quite challenging. A comprehensive perks and benefits program can go a long way in extending your employee’s salary. With Empuls Perks and Benefits this is easy to achieve. Empuls gives you access to an expansive discounts marketplace, for discounts, deals, offers, and cashback on local and popular brands, so employees can save on planned and unplanned expenses for their entire family. Additionally, we also offer early wage access, short-term loans, wellness benefits, and partnerships with premium brands for exclusive offers. If this is a priority for you, please reply to this message, and I will set up a meeting to connect with you and walk you through how Empuls can solve your unique needs. Employee engagement Personas - HR , People, Culture, Benefits, Compensation, Total Rewards Email - 1 Subject: HR priority for 2024: Balancing business benefits with cost The end of the year is a busy time, planning for the holiday party, procuring holiday gifts for employees, and finalizing initiatives for the new year. As you start assessing HR priorities for 2024, I wanted to check if the focus is on smarter tools that truly cater to your people's strategies. According to Gartner, 56% of HR leaders confirmed their HR technology solutions and strategy do not match their current and future business needs, such as digital transformation. An employee engagement strategy that focuses on inclusivity, collaboration, appreciation, wellbeing, and listening - all within one platform - can drive positive change without the fatigue of multiple processes and tools. Here’s where Empuls comes into play. Additionally, Empuls lets you balance business outcomes with costs Deliver business benefits: Companies that adopted Empuls , like Royal Cyber, Daon, 247.ai, and Innovaccer, reported improvements in key metrics, such as eNPS , productivity, happiness, retention, and the overall employee experience. With advanced reporting, you can always have visibility into the ROI of your people initiatives. Optimize HR technology costs: Empuls eliminates the need to invest in multiple tools by offering multiple capabilities on a single platform, thereby allowing end-to-end visibility, removing data silos, saving resources and time, and bringing down your TCO. If any of the above challenges and outcomes feature in your HR priorities for 2024, then let us connect to discuss how Empuls can power your strategy. Email - 2 Subject: Xoxoday Empuls : The one-stop solution for your 2024 HR priorities Gartner's 2024 HR Technology Guide highlights that 89% of HR leaders plan to increase HR technology budgets, but they are also expected to balance business outcomes with costs. Diving deeper, they stated that the focus will be on investments in core HR apps and emerging tech that drive the most impact, like Benefits Administration, Rewards and Recognition, Employee Well-being, Voice of the Employee, and Talent Analytics. Do your HR priorities for 2024 look similar? If your answer is YES, then let us help you. Empuls checks all the boxes. Simplify benefits administration: Offer comprehensive perks and benefits that touch every aspect of your employees’ lives and foster financial wellbeing. Enhance talent management : Plug in meaningful recognition, appreciation, rewards, and gifts at every stage in the employee lifecycle, to celebrate their lives. Boost employee well-being : Promote physical and mental well-being with consultations and memberships, and discounts on medicines and health checks. Listen to your employees : Collect and analyze employee feedback, identify areas of improvement and get action plans to fix problems before they affect your culture. Make data-driven decisions: Advanced reporting and talent analytics to make informed program improvements and track the ROI of your people initiatives. Let’s hop on a call to understand your HR priorities for 2024 and explore how Empuls can help you achieve them. Email - 3 Subject Line: Working on your HR strategy for 2024? Empuls can help. With the holiday season just around the corner, you must be gearing up to celebrate it with your work family, and deliver a memorable end-of-year experience. On a similar note, do your HR priorities for 2024 include employee engagement to drive productivity and growth? If you're still working on that last one, which I know is a focus for many HR and People Leaders right now — I'd love to offer some of the strategies I've shared with Royal Cyber, Daon, 247.ai, and Innovaccer. Their strategy is simple — invest in your people and they will take care of your business. They invested in Empuls to power their people strategy. Foster employee connection with your own social intranet and community groups Capture employee voice with eNPS , engagement surveys and lifecycle surveys Foster a culture of appreciation with meaningful recognition and awards Delight people with the gift of choice for rewards, gifts, and incentives Nurture overall well-being with comprehensive perks and benefits With data and analytics for HR, Business Leaders, and People Managers, engagement becomes everyone’s responsibility. Together you can achieve faster results with a proven approach that’s been perfected by Empuls over a decade. If you are looking to tap into your employees to power the next phase of your growth journey, let’s connect for 30 minutes. Email - 4 Subject Line: Need a plan to tackle disengagement and post-holiday blues? In today's competitive talent market, it’s alarming to see that nearly 6 in 10 employees are quietly quitting. With the holidays just around the corner, you need a plan to stop employees from drifting into post-holiday blues and disengagement in 2024. It’s a simple plan - focus on the quiet quitters, your most winnable employees. Turn them around by making changes they want to see , related to engagement (recognition), culture (communicate goals), benefits (rewards, perks and benefits), and wellbeing (physical and mental wellness). Empuls lets you do all of the above to bridge the expectation gap between employees and employers. Beyond software, Empuls provides a human-centric approach, with expert consultations and engagement content with ideas and tips so you can get all the help you need to foster genuine and organic connections and conversations. Ready to redefine engagement and transform your workplace in 2024? Reply to this email and we can schedule a call at your convenience. Region - US Use case - Employee Engagement, R&R Personas - Customers of Empuls Competitors (CXOs) Approved - No Email 1: Subject: Switch From Boring Employee R&R Platforms to Empuls Hi [First Name], How are you? I’m sure you already have R&R programs at your company. But big names from across the globe, like Adobe, Neilsen, and Infosys, are switching to Empuls . Want to know why? Here are the top six reasons: Recognition across multiple screens: Easily publish recognitions on all devices, including reception TV screens, laptops, mobile phones, and more, with just a few clicks. Analytics for everyone: Get rich engagement reports with analytics according to your role, whether you are an employee, manager, or program admin. Automated rewards: From sales to BPO teams and trade partners, automate rewards and incentives for all, saving time and effort. Quick launch: With multiple languages, built-in privacy settings, and custom branding, set up Empuls without any delay. Custom themes: Rebrand your rewards with ready templates like Marvel, Greek, or Leadership themes to make rewards more candid and fun. Global marketplace: With millions of options across 100+ countries, Empuls gives your team the freedom to choose from reward categories like gift cards, merchandise, experiences, company swag, perks, charity, and more! Also, if you're using Slack or MS Teams, Empuls can boost R&R adoption by 10 times! I'd love to hear about your current platform setup and show you what Empuls can do. Just reply to this email, and let's talk soon. Best, [Your Name] Email 2 Subject: 56 companies have switched from traditional R&R platforms to Empuls in 2023 alone Hi [First Name], Guess what? In 2023, over 56 companies decided to switch from their traditional R&R platforms to Empuls . We're talking about leaders like Amazon, Grammarly, and Nielsen, just to name a few. Why Empuls is your ideal solution: Up-to-date technology: Get multi-lingual, multi-currency support and customize settings according to your needs. Empuls goes beyond the desktop – stay connected with your team anytime, anywhere with our mobile app. Quick launch: Set up in under 60 mins and get all the support, training, and resources you need for success for teams of any size. Premium features: Promote open communication with surveys, feedback, and a social intranet. Plus, easily manage budgets, recognize achievements, and provide perks for employee well-being. Custom global marketplace: Customize rewards with millions of options across 100+ countries. Let teams choose from categories like gift cards, merchandise, experiences, company swag, perks, charity, and more! Not just that, you can expand your engagement strategy with sales incentives, customer rewards, influencer loyalty, and trade incentive schemes. Join the ranks of industry leaders who've already made the switch. Curious to learn more? Let's chat! Warm regards, Shape Email 3: Subject: MS Teams rated Empuls as the Best R&R App on its Store Hi [First Name], I trust this message finds you well. If you’re already using an employee engagement platform, I hope it has helped you elevate your work culture because staying ahead of the competition is always smart. While you may not be looking to switch from your existing platform, being aware of what the market has to offer is always valuable. Empuls , a leading employee engagement platform, is making waves in the industry with its suite of features – designed to go beyond the basics. Recognized as one of the top 2000 tech apps featured at Microsoft Ignite, Empuls stands out from the rest as the preferred R&R solution for companies such as Amazon, Adobe, and Nielsen. Let’s explore how Empuls can enhance your R&R programs by addressing potential gaps in your current solution. Reply to this email, and I’ll arrange an exclusive session at a time that suits you. Recognized by market experts: Best Regards, Shape Email 4: Subject: Xoxoday’s R&R SaaS product is among the top 50 Companies of 2023 Hi [First Name], Empuls isn't just another platform – Gartner, Forrester, and Microsoft recognize us for our innovative approach to employee engagement and rewards. G2 even added us as one of the top 50 companies of 2023! 🏆 67% eNPS improvement ⚡ 3x higher productivity 🔒 47% lower attrition With Empuls , you can integrate core values, positive behaviors, and OKRs into a recognition experience that's second to none. Our platform offers an intuitive interface, multiple award types, flexible integrations, and access to a global marketplace of 1M+ rewards. Ready to elevate the workplace experience and ignite the full potential of your workforce? Let's chat about how Empuls can make it happen. Warm Regards, Shape Email 5: Subject line: Power your rewards, incentives, and loyalty programs with Xoxoday At Empuls , we've helped businesses like yours build thriving workplaces, fuel motivation, and achieve remarkable results. Nielsen’s senior HR manager, Rees Emmanuel, says, “Recognition on Empuls has become a matter of pride for people whose efforts and work are being appreciated.” Xoxoday’s suite of products go beyond employee engagement. Boost customer loyalty, drive sales excellence, and inspire channel teams with our versatile solutions: Gamification for sales: Integrate your CRM with Compass to automate sales and channel incentives, contests, spiffs, and PIP programs. Rewards for Customers: Connect your CRM systems, such as Salesforce or HubSpot, with Xoxoday for automated ABM rewards, client gifts, and pipeline acceleration gifts. Influencer loyalty: Create a loyalty program for influencers using QR codes on WhatsApp with a relevant maker and checker. Incentive schemes for channel partners: Automate broadcasting and gamification of incentive schemes for trade and channel partners. Explore how our end-to-end solutions, Empuls , Compass, and Xoxoday , can help you boost growth across your employees, sales teams, channel partners, customers, and influencers. Reply to this email, and we can set up a call at your convenience. Best Regards, Social intranet Objective: To target companies with hybrid or remote teams Job Functions/Titles - hr , (internal) communication managers, CIO, CxOs , IT, executive leadership Company Size - Companies with 1000+ employees Inmail 1 Subject: Social intranet for hybrid & remote teams Hi [First Name], As we enter 2024, it's evident that remote work is here to stay. Forbes suggests that 98% of employees prefer remote work at least some of the time. Building an authentic and organic company culture in this scenario can be challenging. That's where Empuls , our social intranet platform, steps in. Empuls seamlessly unites in-office, remote, and hybrid teams, creating a vibrant digital community that reflects your unique organizational culture. Key Features: Social Intranet: Celebrate milestones, achievements, and festivities. Engage in cross-team communication with polls, contests, and ask-me-anything sessions. Foster inclusivity with comments, likes, high-fives, GIFs, and emojis. Capture lasting memories on Wish boards for work anniversaries, milestones and birthdays. Community Groups: Encourage organic connection and conversations via community groups. From project teams to classifieds to hobbies, Empuls ensures versatile and efficient collaboration. Townhall: Share critical updates seamlessly. From news and announcements to customer wins and recognitions, Empuls keeps your team informed. Pin important posts at the top for quick visibility. If transforming your workplace into a connected digital community is your priority, let's schedule a brief call to explore how Empuls can benefit your organization. Best Regards, Inmail 2 Subject: The employee communication solution for a hybrid workplace Hi [First Name], Hybrid work, as stated by Gallup , is here to stay, posing some challenges globally. Adapting to the evolving workspace, we enhanced Empuls to deliver an intuitive, powerful, and personalized experience that meets your team's unique needs. Big players like Amazon, Bosch, Infosys, and Nestle have chosen us, and here’s why: Enhance Employee Connection and Culture : Nurture community with shout-outs, company updates, organic groups, knowledge repositories, and wish boards to celebrate your employees—creating a unified platform for vibrant hybrid teams. Simplify Work with Collaboration: Transform team collaboration into a simple experience with quick links, multi-lingual support, employee directories, new hire announcements and more on a single forum. Drive recognition with AI: Elevate peer recognition with AI-driven prompts, enabling you to instantly express appreciation and share heartfelt messages within your team. Customize your intranet: Empuls is not just a platform, its uniquely yours. Showcase your company’s branding and culture on the platform beyond just standard logo placements . Looking to enhance employee engagement? Let's discuss how Empuls can fit into your people strategy. Best regards, Inmail 3 Subject: Elevate workplace communication with Empuls Hello [First Name], As we embrace the era of hybrid work, connecting teams seamlessly is paramount. Enter Empuls , our social intranet platform, designed to simplify connectivity for in-office, remote, and hybrid teams. Key Features: . Employee App Integration: Empuls extends beyond the desktop – with our mobile app, stay seamlessly connected and engaged with your team anytime, anywhere. Internal Communication Hub: Cultivate connection with features like peer recognition, polls, quizzes, and wish boards. Empuls provides a unified space for seamless internal comms, idea sharing and feedback sessions. Company News in One Place: From announcements to policy updates, keep your team well-informed with Empuls as the go-to source for all company news. Centralized Content Creation and Management: Efficiently create, organize, and manage content within a unified platform using groups and quick links. Integrated Communication: Empuls effortlessly syncs with tools like Slack, MS Teams, LinkedIn, and emails, ensuring smooth communication within your daily workflow. Interested in enhancing your team's connectivity and collaboration? Let's connect for a quick call and explore how Empuls can elevate your workplace experience. Best Regards, By Industry IT/ITES Email -1 Subject: [Name], Enhance Employee R&R and Engagement with AI Hi{First Name}, I hope you're keeping well! Many businesses have experienced up to a 20x increase in employee R&R adoption with the power of AI. Xoxoday's no-code, self-configurable features are quick to implement and can transform traditional methods. You can set up this modern tech stack in under 60 minutes. Here’s how Xoxoday can help: · Awarding Prompts – Deliver timely, context-driven recognition with peer awards, nominations, and jury workflows. · Gifting Prompts – Automate physical or digital gift giving for milestones like promotions, birthdays, long service, and new joiners. Collect addresses, gift preferences, and include managers/peers in the process. · Signal-Based Prompts – Enable managers and peers to act on engagement signals from the platform, pulse surveys, and feedback to ensure timely interventions. · Budgeting Prompts – Streamline award budgeting by location, department, and more with AI-powered automation. · Recognition Boosters – Elevate recognition with Wall of Fame displays, leaderboards, memory books, wishboards , and more. Xoxoday is a Series-B funded company, trusted by 5,000+ businesses globally. With over 500 employees across 9 offices, we’re also recognized by G2, Software Advice, and Gartner. I’d love to show you how Xoxoday can elevate your organization’s employee recognition and engagement programs. Are you available for a quick call this week? Best regards, [Your Name] 