---
name: email-repo-compass
description: Email repository: Compass use cases - Sales Incentives, Channel Incentives, Sales Performance, Gamification, by industry (long-form Variant B source)
metadata:
  type: reference
---

Source: Email Repository Xoxoday 2025.docx

Compass Overall pitch By persona Compass for Sales - NA Compass for Finance - NA Compass for C XO /CFO Inmail Copy 1: Subject line: Decrease your compensation program costs Hi {Name} Being the CFO of {company name}, I'm sure you are expected to keep one of your largest sales expenses, the sales incentive compensation, from jeopardizing your profits. That's why CFOs from top enterprises like Mercedez, Pepsi, and Coca-Cola rely on Compass to reduce their compensation program costs. Compass allows you to: Automate manual calculation process with a powerful computation engine. View, edit, manage, and approve budgets allocated or flag discrepancies. Make changes to the incentive structure based on market conditions and revenue goals. Regardless of where your data resides—Salesforce, Hubspot , SAP, Google Sheets, or Excel—Compass can integrate it seamlessly, enabling you to initiate compensation programs in days instead of months. How about a quick 15-minute chat to walk you through all the details? {Scheduling Link} Inmail Copy 2: Subject line: Stay agile and cost-efficient in managing sales commissions Hi {First name} Do you have the right technology to save time and reduce the cost of managing your incentive compensation programs? CFOs and Heads of finance from global enterprises like Mercedez, Pepsi, and Coca-Cola choose Compass to get their crucial time back to focus on strategic initiatives. Because our unified platform offers: Operational efficiency: Replace manual labor like data entry and formula writing with a fully automated system that saves time and cost and lets you focus on strategic work. Error-free incentive calculations: Worry less about the scale and complexity of your structure and ensure accurate payouts for your employees worldwide. Compliance automation: Focus more on creating strategic incentive plans by staying fully compliant with ASC 606, IFRS 15, and other policies and regulations. How about a quick 15-minute chat to walk you through all the details? Compass for HR – NA By use case 1. Sales incentives/commissions Email 1 Subject Lines- Introducing Xoxoday Compass - Revolutionizing Employee Performance Automate Sales Incentives | Xoxoday Compass Elevate Your Incentive Program with Xoxoday Compass Email-1 - Approved Hey < Fname > Hope you’re doing great! Is calculating incentives for reps at <prospect company> a pain point for you and the team? Xoxoday’s customers see an average time-savings of 80% - cutting 8 hours of work down to just 5 minutes. Without the costly errors caused from manual calculations, our customers on an average save about 20% on incentive budgets. The results are consistent across several industries like financial services, insurance, consumer goods,manufacturing , retail and SaaS. Are you open to a quick call to learn more about our industry-leading platform? Best, <Your name> Email-2 - Approved Hello Fname How are you and your sales reps approaching incentive compensation right now? With so much change over the last couple of years, a “set it and forget it” strategy for performance incentives doesn’t hit the mark. Compass can help you transform your compensation program, increase your performance predictability by 50% and achieve business goals faster. Launch sales programmes and initiatives in under 10 minutes Efficient data feeds and integrations Real-time communications including a chat hub, nudges, and gamification Live scorecards and leaderboards to track your team Error free commission calculations Rapid disbursements with a wide range of payment options Trend reporting, insights, and predictive analytics I’d like to connect with you to discuss potential synergies. We have some impressive clients - Axa, Mercedes-Benz, Alstom, CocaCola , Abbott Diagnostics, and Tata Can we talk? Email-3 - Approved Hello Fname Perhaps you missed my last email. However, while you are here, I thought I would share a quick success story of one of our clients. We recently worked with a fast-moving consumer goods company. Their sales leaders struggled to simplify commission programs and increase engagement among sales representatives across different regions. We collaborated with their sales team to simplify the sales commission process. Our approach included a commission calculation and automation engine, a central communication hub, and a centralized incentive disbursement structure. This resulted in an 11% increase in incentive disbursements for the sales teams. Take a look here. Would you like to design and test an automated commission plan for your team? Let me know, I will schedule a 15-min demo next week. Best Regards, Channel Incentives Requested by - Prateek Personas - Generic Geo - UK Email 1 Subject : Automate channel incentives and boost sales with Compass Hi [First Name], Hope the new year's horizon is clear of channel revenue roadblocks! I'm here to tell you about Compass, an enterprise tool to boost revenue from your channel partners. As a leading solution provider, we understand the struggles of navigating complex channel programs. Feeling the drag of disengaged partners, poor performance insights, and complicated incentive plans? We've all been there. Compass cuts through the fog, empowering you to: Manage every step of the channel incentive process with seamless automation, from designing engaging plans to ensuring timely payouts. Gain complete visibility into your channel's performance through real-time dashboards and actionable insights. Continuously optimize sales performance by identifying what works and what needs tweaking, maximizing the earning potential of your channel. Our customers typically see a 20% surge in channel-driven revenue fueled by empowered partners and data-driven decision-making. That's the Compass effect. Let's hop on a quick call to explore how we can chart your course to channel success. Best regards, [Your Name] Email 2 Subject: 3 opportunities to improve your channel sales Hi [First Name], Imagine your channel partners full of enthusiasm, meeting their quotas, and growing your revenue to new heights. Sounds pretty dreamy , right? But the reality can be different. Let me highlight just 3 hidden reasons that could be secretly draining your channel success: Partner disengagement: Frustrated partners = missed sales opportunities. Complex incentive plans: Inefficient management = wasted budget and effort. Poor performance visibility: Blind navigation = below average program ROI. Compass tackles these head-on, enabling you to: Design engaging, gamified incentive plans that boost partner motivation and performance. Automate calculations and payouts for effortless plan management and cost savings. Get real-time insights to optimize programs for maximum ROI. Schedule a call to see how Compass can put your channel revenue on an upward trajectory. Best regards, [Your Name] Email 3 Subject: Insights from a channel incentives client Hi [First Name], Here’s how we helped a German luxury automotive brand manage commissions for their massive partner network. The company was having a hard time communicating commission programs and engaging with its ever-expanding sales team spread across 33 franchise locations. They needed a unified platform that could help the sales team navigate incentive programs while building a connected community with the franchisee sales force. Compass helped improve sales rep productivity via a comprehensive approach - a central hub for seamless communication of compensation programs, a unified incentive disbursement process for sales reps across the country and real-time visibility into incentives earned. Here are the results within 60 days of implementing Compass: Increased unit sales by 11% Generated 20% savings in incentive budget Boosted partner productivity by 80% Don't let your channel be left behind. Schedule a call to discuss how Compass can take your revenue and partner relations to new heights. Best regards, [Your Name] Email 4 Subject: The need to automate channel partner incentive programs Food for thought - Forrester's recent Channel Software Tech Stack report hits the nail on the head: channel leaders can no longer succeed with manual, human-centric processes or rely on spreadsheets to manage their partner programs. Enterprises with a huge channel partner network struggle with poor communication and engagement. Payouts are often delayed as calculation and disbursal of incentives and commissions is manual. Partner managers have limited visibility on channel-wise performance, making planning and optimization inefficient. That's where Compass comes in. Our intelligent system nudges and motivates partners at the right time, driving them towards achievement. Live scores and leaderboards ignite healthy competition, while instant, flexible payouts ensure transparency and fairness. Customized reports provide real time insights on partner programs, enabling managers to maximize their earning potential. Let's hop on a quick call to discuss how Compass can be your compass to channel success. Best regards, [Your Name] Email 5 Subject: Help us improve Hi [First Name] In an effort to understand your reservations about switching to automated incentive management with Compass for your channel, we request your feedback. Your input is invaluable to us and will help us refine our offerings to better cater to your needs. Please let us know if any of the following points align with the reason: Feature gap (Please specify the features you’re looking for) Using a competitor (Please share the name) Need more time to evaluate Not keen to automate channel incentives Pricing issues Other (Please mention) Please respond with A, B, C, D or E and if your concern falls under F we would greatly appreciate it if you could provide further details. It will help us assist with any specific requirements or challenges you may have. Best Regards, [Your Name] Compass Sales Incentive Management ( Total Data Size - 3736, Number of Employees - 200 + , Demographics - India , Personas -Sales CXO and heads, Source - Apollo + ZoomInfo ) Created for Sales heads and similar ICPs covering IT and Generic Industries. All Geographies. Email 1: Subject: {{First Name}}, Easily create and manage complex incentive plans with Xoxoday Compass. Hi {{First Name}}, As a sales head, you know that creating and managing complex incentive plans can be time-consuming and challenging. A well thought out and on time commission payout can motivate your sales and channel partners to go the extra mile for you. This is where Xoxoday Compass comes in to help you. Xoxoday Compass makes it easy to create and manage commission plans for sales teams of all sizes. With Xoxoday Compass, you can: Easily define and configure your incentive plans Automate commission calculations and payouts even with large data Track and forecast sales performance in real time with AI Engage and motivate your sales team with real-time insights and nudges Xoxoday Compass is also enterprise-grade secure and compliant with global data security practices. We also have a dedicated team of experts to provide support during onboarding and implementation. Schedule a demo today to learn more about how Xoxoday Compass can help you create and manage a world-class incentive plan for your sales team. Best regards, Email 2: Subject: {{First Name}}, Boost your sales and channel performance with Xoxoday Compass. Dear {{First Name}}, A well-designed incentive plan can play a key role in motivating and engaging your sales team, which can lead to significant improvements in sales performance. Xoxoday Compass offers a wide range of features to help you manage your commission plans more effectively, including: Integration with all your systems to maintain a single source of truth Motivate channel partners with real time nudges and notifications Predictive analytics to help you identify potential problems early on Gamification and live access to on-track earnings to motivate your sales reps and channel partners Moreover, Xoxoday Compass lets you automate complex commission calculations- which lead to faster and on time incentive payouts. A missed or delayed incentive payout could demotivate your sales team and lead to loss of conversions and revenue. We're confident that Xoxoday Compass can help you improve the efficiency and effectiveness of your incentive management process and boost your sales performance. Schedule a demo today to learn more. Best regards, Email 3: Subject: {{First Name}}, Automate your incentive management process with Xoxoday Compass. Dear {{First Name}}, Are you spending too much time on manual commission management tasks? If so, it's time to automate your process with Xoxoday Compass. A manual incentive management system can lead to errors in incentives and delays in payouts- both of which can highly demotivate your sales and channel partners. Xoxoday Compass automates all aspects of incentive management, from calculation to payout. This frees up your team to focus on more strategic initiatives. All this with enterprise grade security! Xoxoday Compass also offers a wide range of features to help you manage your commission plans more effectively, including: Customizable incentive plans with gamified dashboards Real-time performance tracking and forecasting Large scale data ingestion and accurate commission calculations Integration with all your systems to maintain a single source of truth Ability to run multiple incentive programs for different use cases- from internal sales teams to external channel partners Schedule a demo today to learn more about how Xoxoday Compass can help you automate your incentive management process and improve your sales team's performance. Best regards, Email 4: Subject: {{First Name}}, Manage complex commission programs end to end with Xoxoday Compass. Dear {{First Name}}, Managing complex incentive programs can be a challenge, but it doesn't have to be. With Xoxoday Compass, you can automate and streamline your entire sales commission management process, from setup to payout for both internal sales teams and external channel partners. Xoxoday Compass offers a comprehensive solution for managing commission programs of all sizes, including: Easy setup and configuration with your CRM and ERP tools Automated commission calculations and payouts even with large amounts of data Real-time performance tracking and gamified dashboards Cutting edge AI and analytics to help you devise strategic plans Enterprise grade security that is compliant with global data privacy standards, including WCAG, SOC II, ISO 27001, CCPA, HIPPA and GDPR. Schedule a demo today to learn more about how Xoxoday Compass can help you manage your complex commission programs end to end and boost your sales team's performance. Best regards, Email 5: Subject: {{First Name}}, Improve your sales team's motivation and engagement with Xoxoday Compass. Dear {{First Name}}, A motivated and engaged sales team is essential for driving sales success. Xoxoday Compass can help you achieve this by providing your sales reps with the real-time insights and nudges they need to stay focused and motivated- while ensuring on time error-free commission payouts! Xoxoday Compass offers a variety of features to help you improve your sales team's motivation and engagement, including: Personalized recognition and rewards Integration with all your systems to maintain a single source of truth Motivate channel partners with real time nudges and notifications Predictive analytics to help you identify potential problems early on Gamification and live access to on-track earnings to motivate your sales reps and channel partners Moreover, Xoxoday Compass lets you automate complex commission calculations- which lead to faster and on time incentive payouts. A missed or delayed incentive payout could demotivate your sales team and lead to loss of conversions and revenue. Schedule a demo today to learn more about how Xoxoday Compass can help you improve your sales team's motivation and engagement and drive sales success. Best regards, InMail 1 Subject: {{First Name}}, Choose the right spiffs and commissions with Xoxoday Compass. Hi {{First Name}}, Is your sales team hitting their targets regularly? If the answer to the question is yes - stop reading this. Have a good day! Still here? Chances are that you use Excel for your team’s commission plans. Agreed, it is really tough to look beyond Excel. Who doesn’t like the green bars, the nostalgic buttons and the cult-classic Clippy (RIP)! Compass offers a comprehensive solution for automating commission programs of all sizes, including: Easily define and configure your incentive plans, including complex commission structures and rules Keep your team motivated with timely nudges and gamification Track and forecast sales performance in real time with AI-powered insights Compass is secure and compliant with global data security practices. And we offer a dedicated team of experts to provide support during onboarding and implementation. A wise person once said, a picture says a thousand words. A demo would then be a million words, minimum! Are you ready to replace your dear old Excel? Best regards, [Your Name] InMail 2 Subject: {{First Name}}, Boost your sales performance with Xoxoday Compass Hi {{First Name}}, A well-designed incentive plan is essential for motivating and engaging your sales team and channel partners. Xoxoday Compass is an enterprise-grade sales incentive automation platform that can help you manage your incentive plans effectively and boost your sales performance. With Compass, you can: Integrate all your systems to maintain a single source of truth for your sales data Use AI enabled forecasting and scenario simulation Boost engagement with gamification and live access to on-track earnings Compass also automates complex commission calculations, ensuring faster and more accurate incentive payouts. This is important because missed or delayed payouts can demotivate your team and lead to lower conversions and revenue. Days of manual calculations are long gone. Schedule a demo today to learn more. Best regards, [Your Name] InMail 3 Subject: {{First Name}}, Automate your incentive management process with Xoxoday Compass Hi {{First Name}}, The best way to keep your sales team motivated is a well structured commission with on time incentive payouts. Your sales team is more likely to close deals if they have clear visibility of their earned commissions. Compass offers a comprehensive solution for automating commission programs of all sizes, including: Easy setup and configuration with your CRM, ERP and Accounting tools Real-time performance tracking and gamified dashboards Cutting edge AI and analytics to help you devise strategic plans Some of our clients include Mercedes Benz, CocaCola , Flipkart, Tata and many more. Schedule a demo today to learn more about how Xoxoday Compass can help you manage your complex commission programs end to end. Best regards, [Your Name] InMail 4 Hey {{First Name}}, We don’t like spamming InMails . As we haven't heard from you yet, could you instead help us with some feedback? We don't have the budget for this right now. I am not the designated decision-maker for such initiatives. We don’t need a sales commission automation tool I will need more time to evaluate this and will not be able to respond now Please reply with the option number and we will promptly send you a 25$ gift card. In case your answer is option 2, it would be great if you could connect me with the right person to have this discussion with! Best regards, [Your Name] Subject: [Reseller Partnership Proposal] - Compass for commission automation Sales Performance Management Sales G amification Channel Incentive – Marketing Persona Email 1: Subject: The error-free way to run your channel incentive plans Hi {First Name}, Are you still relying on legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to calculate incentives, which demand excessive manpower? That’s exactly why we recommend adopting a modern incentive management solution. While spreadsheets may be familiar, they are often prone to errors and require significant manual effort. Our channel incentive software combines the flexibility of spreadsheets with the power of automation, ensuring 100% error-free calculations and on-time payouts at scale. I’d love to show you how you can streamline your channel incentives process. Let’s schedule something this week to explore how this solution can start making a difference right away. Email 2: Subject: Replace 1000+ spreadsheets with one platform to calculate incentives Hi {First Name}, Are you juggling multiple spreadsheets to calculate incentives for your channel partners? While these legacy systems might have served you well, they demand immense manpower and can lead to calculation errors. It’s time to modernize your channel incentive process! - Design and launch custom channel partner programs tailored to each channel's unique needs. - Motivate wholesalers, retailers, dealers, and distribution channels with engaging rewards that drive performance. - Build lasting relationships with your channel partners through engaging brand loyalty programs. How about a quick 30-minute call to explore how you can consolidate all your spreadsheets into one platform? Email 3: Subject: Reclaim the time you spent calculating incentives manually. Hi {First name} Stop manual labour , like writing formulas in Excel to manage incentive plans, focus on increasing sales through channel partners, and drive better business outcomes. To enable this effortlessly, you need a channel incentive software because it offers: - Pre-built templates: Implement easy-to-use, pre-built Excel-like formulas to launch plans with monthly quotas, quarterly bonuses, etc. - Cloning of programs: Clone the incentive plans that showed increased sales with maximum profitability. - Easy plan editing: Adjust your calculation logic anytime after launch to meet the dynamic market conditions and the organization's revenue goal. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how you can save your valuable time and spend it on doing sales rather than working on Excel. Email 4: Subject: Motivate the right sales behaviors in your {Company name} Hi {First name} Selling fast-moving consumer goods is primarily human-intensive, and numerous channel partners manage it. You need a transparent incentive structure to retain high revenue bringing channel partners that motivate the right selling behaviour . Running transparent plans with complex crediting rules requires more than spreadsheets or Excel. You need channel incentive software that provides: Earnings calculator: Empower reps and channel partners to calculate their incentives beforehand, enabling them to focus on high-value deals. Plan documents tab: Provide visibility into how the incentives are structured and push the sales for the desired product with a mobile app. Personalized dashboards: Equip your teams with custom dashboards with respective KPIs to track and improve performance. How about a quick 15-minute call, and I'll provide you with a personalized demo? Email 5: Subject: 11 reasons why spreadsheets aren’t meant for calculating incentives Hi {First Name} Spreadsheets were never built to calculate incentives but to automate simple mathematical calculations. But our solution is specifically built to configure, optimize, and grow your channel incentive programs with a centralized dashboard. Still, we don't like spamming your inbox when you aren't ready to proceed with us. Please share your feedback by choosing one of the following reasons: 1. We don't have the budget for this right now. 2. I am not the designated decision-maker for such initiatives. 3. I will need more time to evaluate this and cannot respond now. If your answer is option 2, it would be great if you could connect me with the right person to discuss this! Before we leave, here's a resource that might be helpful for you. https://www.getcompass.ai/ebooks/why-excel-is-not-the-best-for-incentives ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Content for LGM Message 1: Hi {First Name}, I'm {name}, {Job title} from {Company}, helping enterprise businesses like {company name} to move their incentive tech stack from Spreadsheets or Excel to an automated solution called Compass. If you still rely on legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to calculate incentives, which demand excessive manpower, we feel our solution would be a great fit. Would you be interested to learn more about our sales incentive automation software? ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Message 2: Hi {First Name}, We have transformed how companies like Mercedez, Mahindra Group, and Veritas handled their incentive process from using spreadsheets or in-house tools with manual processes to a fully automated system. While these legacy systems might have served you well, they demand immense manpower and can lead to calculation errors, shadow accounting and more. Would you like to learn how we can help you with the same in a quick 30-minute call? ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Message 3: Hi {First name} I completely understand if you are not on the lookout for incentive software. I'll leave my contact details and our website so that whenever you feel like you are facing: · Consistent errors in calculating incentives. · 100+ hours wasted per week jumping Excel sheets. · Difficulty in altering incentive plans with market conditions. · Measuring the effectiveness of different incentive programs. · Demotivated reps due to a lack of transparency in the calculations. We hope to be your first choice. {Email ID} {Website link} ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- By Industry Automobile Email 1: Subject: Introducing Compass, an error-free way of running sales comp plans Hi {First name}! We have yet to be properly introduced, but I'm {Sender's name" and am the {Job title} of { Giift or Compass}. The real reason for my outreach is to chat about your incentive compensation management tech stack. Are you still using legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to calculate incentives which require too much manpower? That's precisely why we suggest you adopt the modern incentive management solution Compass. While you may already have spreadsheets to calculate incentives, they are still prone to errors and require heavy manual labour. Our platform combines the flexibility of spreadsheets with the power of automation at scale to ensure 100% error-free calculations and on-time payouts. If you're up for a chat about this and to hear more, I'd be happy to send an invite along accordingly. Email 2: Subject: Ditch spreadsheets and automate sales incentive calculations Hi {First name} Are you still calculating commissions and incentives on multiple spreadsheets for sales executives in the showrooms and other dealers? As great as these legacy systems are, they are prone to errors. That's why you must modernize the sales incentive process by adopting Compass. Our unified incentive compensation solution provides: · Transparency across dealers: Provide complete transparency into how incentives are calculated for your sales executives, sales managers and after-sales team with concise documents present in-app. · Competitive-edge by adjusting plans: Compare and measure the results of your incentive compensation plans against your competitors and adjust the incentive structure on the go. · Gather feedback about incentives: Empower sales executives through different channels to provide feedback on the impact of incentive structure on their target attainment by running surveys built in-app. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how to replace all of your spreadsheets under one command centre. Email 3: Subject: Reclaim the time you spent calculating commissions manually. Hi {First name} Stop manual labour, like writing calculation formulas for every new incentive program and catching up with compliance. Focus on crafting strategic commission structures that motivate your sales executives and dealers. To enable this effortlessly, you need Compass because it offers: Pre-built templates: Implement easy-to-use, pre-built Excel-like formulas to launch plans with monthly quotas, quarterly bonuses, etc. Cloning of programs: Clone the commission plans that showed increased quota attainment with maximum profitability. Easy plan editing: Adjust your calculation logic anytime after launch to meet the dynamic market conditions and the organization's revenue goal. Compliance automation: Comply with standards like ASC 606, IFRS 15, and other regulations throughout the incentive plan. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how you can save your valuable time and spend it on strategic tasks. Email 4: Subject: Motivate the right sales behaviors in your {Company name} Hi {First name} To retain your high-performing sales executives, you need a transparent incentive structure that motivates the right sales behaviour. Building transparent plans with complex incentive structure requires more than spreadsheets or Excel. That's where Compass comes in. Our unified solution provides the: Earnings calculator: Empower reps to calculate their incentives beforehand, enabling them to focus on high-value deals. Plan documents tab: Simplify the complex incentive structures with simple plan documents and provide them in-app. Personalized dashboards: Equip your reps with a mobile app with custom dashboards with respective KPIs to track and improve their performance. How about a quick 15-minute call, and I'll provide you with a personalized demo? Email 5: Subject: 11 reasons why spreadsheets aren’t meant for calculating commissions Hi {First Name} Spreadsheets were never built to calculate incentives but to automate simple mathematical calculations. But Compass is specifically built to configure, optimize, and grow your sales commission and channel incentive programs with a centralized dashboard. Still, we don't like spamming your inbox when you aren't ready to proceed with Compass. Please share your feedback by choosing one of the following reasons: 1. We don't have the budget for this right now. 2. I am not the designated decision-maker for such initiatives. 3. I will need more time to evaluate this and cannot respond now. If your answer is option 2, it would be great if you could connect me with the right person to discuss this! Before we leave, here's a resource that might be helpful for you. https://www.getcompass.ai/ebooks/why-excel-is-not-the-best-for-incentives Pharma Email 1: Subject: Introducing Compass, an error-free way of running sales comp plans Hi {First name}! We have yet to be properly introduced, but I'm {Sender's name" and am the {Job title} of { Giift or Compass}. The real reason for my outreach is to chat about your incentive compensation management tech stack. Are you still using legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to calculate incentives which require too much manpower? That's precisely why we suggest you adopt the modern incentive management solution Compass. While you may already have spreadsheets to calculate incentives, they are still prone to errors and require heavy manual labour. Our platform combines the flexibility of spreadsheets with the power of automation at scale to ensure 100% error-free calculations and on-time payouts. If you're up for a chat about this and to hear more, I'd be happy to send an invite along accordingly. Email 2: Subject: Ditch spreadsheets and automate sales incentive calculations Hi {First name} Are you still calculating commissions and incentives on multiple spreadsheets for your medical reps, stockists and other distribution partners? As great as these legacy systems are, they are prone to errors. That's why you must modernize the sales incentive process by adopting Compass. Our unified incentive compensation solution provides: · Error-free incentives: Ensure your entire sales team, from the sales manager to frontline medical reps, gets accurate monthly payouts, no matter the complexity of parameters in the calculation logic. · Personalized nudges: Send personalized time and event-based notifications for various scenarios like completion rates, immediate deadlines, and which KPIs to focus on for maximizing earnings. · Healthcare compliance: Compass offers a comprehensive audit trail to manage incentives for a large sales force, eliminating the time-consuming and error-prone process of using spreadsheets. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how to replace all of your spreadsheets under one command centre. Email 3: Subject: Reclaim the time you spent calculating commissions manually. Hi {First name} Stop manual labour, like writing calculation formulas for every new incentive program and catching up with compliance. Focus on crafting strategic commission structures that motivate your medical reps, channel partners, and other stakeholders to drive better business outcomes. To enable this effortlessly, you need Compass because it offers: Escalation handling: Centralize all queries and disputes concerning incentive calculations and payouts with the ability to approve or reject. Cloning of programs: Clone the commission plans that showed increased quota attainment with maximum profitability. Non-monetary rewards: Delight your medical reps with experiences, merchandise, gift cards and 10M+ reward options. Payout overrides: Pay additional compensation to sales managers or medical reps based on their team's performance or the deals they oversee. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how you can save your valuable time and spend it on strategic tasks. Email 4: Subject: Motivate the right sales behaviors in your {Company name} Hi {First name} Selling medical products and healthcare devices is primarily human-intensive, and numerous medical reps, area managers, and distribution channel partners manage it. To retain your high-performing sales reps, you need a transparent incentive structure that motivates the right sales behaviour. Building transparent plans with complex crediting rules requires more than spreadsheets or Excel. That's where Compass comes in. Our unified solution provides the: Earnings calculator: Empower reps to calculate their incentives beforehand, enabling them to focus on high-value deals. Plan documents tab: Simplify the complex crediting rules with simple plan documents and provide them in-app. Personalized dashboards: Equip your reps with a mobile app with custom dashboards with respective KPIs to track and improve their performance. How about a quick 15-minute call, and I'll provide you with a personalized demo? Email 5: Subject: 11 reasons why spreadsheets aren’t meant for calculating commissions Hi {First Name} Spreadsheets were never built to calculate incentives but to automate simple mathematical calculations. But Compass is specifically built to configure, optimize, and grow your sales commission and channel incentive programs with a centralized dashboard. Still, we don't like spamming your inbox when you aren't ready to proceed with Compass. Please share your feedback by choosing one of the following reasons: 1. We don't have the budget for this right now. 2. I am not the designated decision-maker for such initiatives. 3. I will need more time to evaluate this and cannot respond now. If your answer is option 2, it would be great if you could connect me with the right person to discuss this! Before we leave, here's a resource that might be helpful for you. BFSI Email 1: Subject: Introducing Compass, an error-free way of running sales comp plans Hi {First name} We have yet to be properly introduced, but I'm {Sender's name" and am the {Job title} of { Giift or Compass}. The real reason for my outreach is to chat about your incentive compensation management tech stack. Are you still using legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to calculate incentives which require too much manpower? That's precisely why we suggest you adopt the modern incentive management solution Compass. While you may already have spreadsheets to calculate incentives, they are still prone to errors and require heavy manual labour. Our platform combines the flexibility of spreadsheets with the power of automation at scale to ensure 100% error-free calculations and on-time payouts. If you're up for a chat about this and to hear more, I'd be happy to send an invite along accordingly. Email 2: Subject: Replace 1000+ spreadsheets with one platform to calculate commissions Hi {First name} Are you still calculating commissions and incentives on multiple spreadsheets for your relationship managers, branch managers and other field sales reps? As great as these legacy systems are, they are prone to errors. That's why you must modernize the sales incentive process by adopting Compass. Our unified incentive compensation solution provides: · Data Governance: Regardless of the source of your sales data, whether from CRM, ERP, HCM, or core banking platforms, Compass can centralize it within hours, ensuring real-time data quality, accuracy, and privacy every step of the way. · Error-free calculations: A powerful computation engine ensures 100% error-free calculation no matter the scale and complexity of parameters you have set for crediting rules. · Transparent crediting rules: Complete transparency for your customer-facing workforce about the incentive structures, calculation logic, and relevant KPIs in the palm of their hand with a mobile app. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how to replace all of your spreadsheets under one command centre. Email 3: Subject: Reclaim the time you spent calculating commissions manually. Hi {First name} Stop manual labour, like writing calculation formulas for every new incentive program and catching up with compliance. Focus on crafting strategic commission structures that motivate your sales team, channel partners, and other stakeholders to drive better business outcomes. To enable this effortlessly, you need Compass because it offers: Pre-built templates: Implement easy-to-use, pre-built Excel-like formulas to launch plans with monthly quotas, quarterly bonuses, etc. Cloning of programs: Clone the commission plans that showed increased quota attainment with maximum profitability. Easy plan editing: Adjust your calculation logic anytime after launch to meet the dynamic market conditions and the organization's revenue goal. Compliance automation: Comply with standards like ASC 606, IFRS 15, and other regulations throughout the incentive plan. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how you can save your valuable time and spend it on strategic tasks. Email 4: Subject: Motivate the right sales behaviors in your {Company name} Hi {First name} Selling banking and financial products is primarily human-intensive, and numerous sales reps, agents, advisors, and channel partners manage it. To retain your high-performing sales reps, you need a transparent incentive structure that motivates the right sales behaviour. Building transparent plans with complex crediting rules requires more than spreadsheets or Excel. That's where Compass comes in. Our unified solution provides the: Earnings calculator: Empower reps to calculate their incentives beforehand, enabling them to focus on high-value deals. Plan documents tab: Simplify the complex crediting rules with simple plan documents and provide them in-app. Personalized dashboards: Equip your reps with a mobile app with custom dashboards with respective KPIs to track and improve their performance. How about a quick 15-minute call, and I'll provide you with a personalized demo? Email 5: Subject: 11 reasons why spreadsheets aren’t meant for calculating commissions Hi {First Name} Spreadsheets were never built to calculate incentives but to automate simple mathematical calculations. But Compass is specifically built to configure, optimize, and grow your sales commission and channel incentive programs with a centralized dashboard. Still, we don't like spamming your inbox when you aren't ready to proceed with Compass. Please share your feedback by choosing one of the following reasons: 1. We don't have the budget for this right now. 2. I am not the designated decision-maker for such initiatives. 3. I will need more time to evaluate this and cannot respond now. If your answer is option 2, it would be great if you could connect me with the right person to discuss this! Before we leave, here's a resource that might be helpful for you. https://www.getcompass.ai/ebooks/why-excel-is-not-the-best-for-incentives Other Options – Outbound email sequence for the US| Compass Industry - Banking Email 1 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <Mohit> I see you lead the business function at {Company Name}. Let me ask you this, are commissions working as expected? Commission compensation, the most impactful and largest go-to-market investment, can impact more revenue than any other business lever if managed effectively. If not, it frustrates your sales teams and slows your business. Xoxoday Compass, an incentive compensation management platform, helps Sales and RevOps teams automate complex commission structures. Don’t take our word for it. See how commission automation can be your most significant sales accelerator. Are you up for a quick chat about how you can make commission programs the core of your business growth? Best, <Signature> Email 2 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <first name!> Is managing commission plans for your sales teams consuming all your time and mind space? Manual commission programs prevent you from focusing on strategic tasks, while frustrating and hindering your sales teams. Here’s a short read that delves into The Cost of Not Automating Incentives. If not fatal, failure to automate can be costly and drain time. But it need not be this way. Switch to an automated and transparent way of managing commissions while engaging, motivating, and delighting your sales team like never before with Compass. If you'd like to explore how Compass can support your company’s use case, let’s schedule a call at a time of your choice. Feel free to block a time on my calendar. Best, <Signature> Email 3 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <first name!> I’m here to do a quick follow-up. Did you get a chance to read our ebook on the cost of not automating incentives? Here’s a copy in case you missed it! Also, a quick question - is your sales team happy with the commission programs you launched for them, and are they on track with what’s happening? Unstructured incentive programs and poor communication only confuse your sales teams due to poor visibility into target and earnings leading to high attrition rates. But, there are efficient ways to keep your banking sales team motivated. With Compass, you can automate and gamify incentive plans, empower teams to own their game with leaderboards, scorecards, points, and badges and instantly reward them for any achievement. Here’s a blog written by Abhishek Kumar, co-founder of Xoxoday , explaining how Compass can make sales less boring. If helping your sales teams find easier ways to prioritize targets and stay motivated at all times is your priority, let’s have a quick 15-minute chat about this whenever you are free. Best, <Signature> Email 4 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <first name!> I hope my email didn’t slip through the cracks. While I have you, I thought you might find interest in our work with one of India’s largest online food ordering platforms. We helped them automate and digitize incentives end-to-end. With game-like elements, rewards, recognitions, and complete access to relevant information, we turbocharged their entire 2lacs+ army of delivery agents. With Xoxoday Compass, you can reduce the hassles of calculating complex incentives and fixing errors, to disperse accurate and timely payouts to your teams. Get more insights on delighting your sales team with incentive automation here. As a next step - would you have 15 mins this week, please? I can give a detailed walk-through of Compass and show you how we can engage your sales teams with a simple yet impactful incentive plan. Reply to this email, and I’d set up a call. Best, <Signature> Email 5 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <first name!> I understand how swamped you must be managing your teams and helping them hit their sales targets. But, I can’t stop myself from sharing this news with you - Xoxoday got featured in the Forrester Channel Software Tech Stack 2021, as one of the top-growing platforms in the Channel Incentives Management segment. Automating incentive and commission plans need not take much of your time and cost. Especially when you can automate them by integrating them with the CRM you use daily. With Compass, you can seamlessly sync your sales team’s performance data like CASA, wealth management KPIs, brokerage, customer satisfaction, retention, product sales, and more with incentive plans and hit the ground running in no time. Would you like to know how to sync your existing data with incentive plans on Compass? I’d be happy to walk you through the integration process. Best, <Signature> Email 6 Subject line: Perhaps the timing isn’t right | Until we meet again Hi, <first name> Hope you’re doing well, As we haven’t heard back from you, I am assuming that: Either you didn’t get time to go through our emails OR Building a robust incentive program for your sales team is not a priority for you. However, if you did go through our emails and have any queries regarding the product features or even pricing, kindly let me know. I’d be happy to answer your questions. If not, I completely understand and don’t want to take up any more of your time. I’ll check back in a couple of months to see if our goals are more aligned. Thank you and stay safe, Best, <signature> Outbound email sequence for the US| Compass Industry - Banking Email 1 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <Mohit> I see you lead the business function at {Company Name}, and are responsible for growing the business. Let me ask you this, Is one of your largest sales expenses, sales incentives, working as expected? In times when relationship building is key to your sales growth, an unstructured and unclear incentive plan not only dissatisfies your sales teams but also slows your business down. While on the other hand, Incentive compensation is the single most impactful go-to-market investment that impacts more revenue than any other business lever – if it’s managed effectively. A good incentive compensation gives you control over this strategic lever – enabling you to systematically design, deploy, and adapt compelling commission plans. Xoxoday Compass is an incentive compensation and commission platform for businesses to drive more revenue from their sales and channel teams. We help Sales and Revenue Operations teams design, plan, automate, and streamline complex incentive and commission structures. Don’t take our word for it. Know more about how incentive automation can be the biggest growth driver for your banking business. If you are interested to know how you can make incentive programs the core of your business growth, reply to this email or book a free consultation with us here. Best, <Signature> Email 2 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <first name!> Leading sales function at <company name> is no easy feat. This makes me curious - Is managing incentive plans for internal and field sales teams consuming all your time and mind space? Incentive plans are a great accelerator for your banking business. But manual incentive programs only prevent you from focusing on mission-critical tasks, breed frustration among your sales associates, and hinder product sales. Here’s a short read that delves into The Real Cost of Not Automating Incentives. Failure to automate incentives, if not fatal, can be very costly and cause a lot of time to drain. But it need not be this way. Switch to an automated and transparent way of managing incentives while also engaging, motivating, and delighting your sales team like never before with Compass. If you'd like to explore how Compass can support your company’s use case, let’s schedule a call at a time of your choice. Feel free to block a time on my calendar. Best, <Signature> Email 3 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <first name!> I’m here to do a quick follow-up. Did you get a chance to read the ebook about the cost of not automating incentives, I shared in my previous email? Here’s a copy in case you missed it! Also, quick question - is your sales team happy with the incentive programs you launched for them, and are they on track with what’s happening? Unstructured incentive programs and poor communication only confuse your sales teams by providing poor visibility into target and earnings statements and lead to high attrition rates. But, there are efficient ways to make your banking sales exciting. With Compass, you can automate and gamify incentive plans, empower teams to own their game with leaderboards, scorecards, points, and badges and instantly reward them for any achievement. Here’s a blog written by Abhishek Kumar, Cofounder of Xoxoday , where he explains how Compass can make sales less boring. If helping your sales teams find easier ways to prioritize targets and stay motivated at all times is your priority, let’s have a quick 15-minute chat about this whenever you are free. Best, <Signature> Email 4 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <first name!> Last week, I shared an interesting blog written by Abhishek Kumar, the Cofounder of Xoxoday . Sharing it here in case the email slipped through the cracks. Also, we’ve been working with many Indian companies for a while, and DriveU , India’s popular driver service provider, recently gave us a shoutout. Thought I’d share this news with you. Also, Xpressebees , a top logistics specialist company in India, has increased the performance of its 600 sales agents with incentive automation and reduced delivery error rates. Interesting? With Xoxoday Compass, you can reduce the hassles of calculating complex incentives and eliminate errors, so you can disperse accurate payouts to your teams at the right time. Get more insights on delighting your sales team with incentive automation here. As a next step - would you have 15 mins this week, please? I can give a detailed walk-through of Compass and show you how we can engage your sales teams with a simple yet impactful incentive plan. Reply to this email and I’d set up a call. Best, <Signature> Email 5 Subject line: Incentive compensation management for banking sales Hi, <first name!> I understand how swamped you must be managing your teams and helping them hit their sales targets. I hope the resources and information I shared in my previous emails about boosting sales with incentive automation were helpful. Also, I can’t stop myself from sharing this news with you - Xoxoday got featured in the Forrester Channel Software Tech Stack 2021, as one of the top-growing platforms in the Channel Incentives Management segment. Automating incentive and commission plans need not take much of your time and cost. Especially when you can automate by integrating them with the CRM you use daily. With Compass, you can seamlessly sync your sales team’s performance data like CASA, wealth management KPIs, brokerage, customer satisfaction, retention, product sales, and more with incentive plans and hit the ground running in no time. Also, here’s an interesting read on how Swiggy enhanced engagement among its 2 lac-army delivery executives. “Compass has given us a platform to truly appreciate the hard work of our delivery partners, who are the heart of our operations," says Sachin Kotangale , VP of Operations, Swiggy. Would you like to know how to sync your existing data with incentive plans on Compass? I’d be happy to walk you through the integration process. Best, <Signature> Email 6 Subject line: Perhaps the timing isn’t right | Until we meet again Hi, <first name> Hope you’re doing well, As we haven’t heard back from you, I am assuming that: Either you didn’t get time to go through our emails OR Building a robust incentive program for your sales team is not a priority for you. However, if you did go through our emails and have any queries regarding the product features or even pricing, kindly let me know. I’d be happy to answer your questions. If not, I completely understand and don’t want to take up any more of your time. I’ll check back in a couple of months to see if our goals are more aligned. Thank you and stay safe, Best, <signature> 4. IT Email 1: Subject: Introducing Compass, an error-free way of running sales comp plans Hi {First name}! We have yet to be properly introduced, but I'm {Sender's name" and am the {Job title} of { Giift or Compass}. The real reason for my outreach is to chat about your incentive compensation management tech stack. Are you still using legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to calculate incentives which require too much manpower? That's precisely why we suggest you adopt the modern incentive management solution Compass. While you may already have spreadsheets to calculate incentives, they are still prone to errors and require heavy manual labour. Our platform combines the flexibility of spreadsheets with the power of automation at scale to ensure 100% error-free calculations and on-time payouts. If you're up for a chat about this and to hear more, I'd be happy to send an invite along accordingly. Email 2: Subject: Unified incentive compensation solution for {company name} Hi {First name} Are you still calculating commissions and incentives on multiple spreadsheets for your SDR, BDRs and other field sales executives? As great as these legacy systems are, they are prone to errors. That's why you must modernize the sales incentive process by adopting Compass. Our unified incentive compensation solution provides: · Data Governance: Regardless of the source of your sales data, whether from CRM, ERP, HCM, or data warehouses, Compass can centralize it within hours, ensuring real-time data quality, accuracy, and privacy every step of the way. · Error-free calculations: A powerful computation engine ensures 100% error-free calculation no matter the scale and complexity of parameters you have set for incentive structures. · Transparent calculation logic: Complete transparency for your customer-facing workforce about the incentive structures, calculation logic, and relevant KPIs in the palm of their hand with a mobile app. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how to replace all of your spreadsheets under one command centre. Email 3: Subject: Reclaim the time you spent calculating commissions manually. Hi {First name} Stop manual labour, like writing calculation formulas for every new incentive program and catching up with compliance. Focus on crafting strategic commission structures that motivate your sales team, channel partners, and other stakeholders to drive better business outcomes. To enable this effortlessly, you need Compass because it offers: Pre-built templates: Implement easy-to-use, pre-built Excel-like formulas to launch plans with monthly quotas, quarterly bonuses, etc. Cloning of programs: Clone the commission plans that showed increased quota attainment with maximum profitability. Easy plan editing: Adjust your calculation logic anytime after launch to meet the dynamic market conditions and the organization's revenue goal. Compliance automation: Comply with standards like ASC 606, IFRS 15, and other regulations throughout the incentive plan. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how you can save your valuable time and spend it on strategic tasks. Email 4: Subject: Motivate the right sales behaviors in your {Company name} Hi {First name} Selling technology products is primarily human-intensive, and numerous sales development reps, business development reps, and channel partners manage it. To retain your high-performing sales reps, you need a transparent incentive structure that motivates the right sales behaviour. Building transparent plans with complex crediting rules requires more than spreadsheets or Excel. That's where Compass comes in. Our unified solution provides the: Earnings calculator: Empower reps to calculate their incentives beforehand, enabling them to focus on high-value deals. Plan documents tab: Simplify the complex incentive structures with simple plan documents and provide them in-app. Personalized dashboards: Equip your reps with a mobile app with custom dashboards with respective KPIs to track and improve their performance. How about a quick 15-minute call, and I'll provide you with a personalized demo? Email 5: Subject: 11 reasons why spreadsheets aren’t meant for calculating commissions Hi {First Name} Spreadsheets were never built to calculate incentives but to automate simple mathematical calculations. But Compass is specifically built to configure, optimize, and grow your sales commission and channel incentive programs with a centralized dashboard. Still, we don't like spamming your inbox when you aren't ready to proceed with Compass. Please share your feedback by choosing one of the following reasons: 1. We don't have the budget for this right now. 2. I am not the designated decision-maker for such initiatives. 3. I will need more time to evaluate this and cannot respond now. If your answer is option 2, it would be great if you could connect me with the right person to discuss this! Before we leave, here's a resource that might be helpful for you. https://www.getcompass.ai/ebooks/why-excel-is-not-the-best-for-incentives Logistics Email 1: Subject: Introducing Compass, an error-free way of running sales comp plans Hi {First name}! We have yet to be properly introduced, but I'm {Sender's name" and am the {Job title} of { Giift or Compass}. The real reason for my outreach is to chat about your incentive compensation management tech stack. Are you still using legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to calculate incentives which require too much manpower? That's precisely why we suggest you adopt the modern incentive management solution Compass. While you may already have spreadsheets to calculate incentives, they are still prone to errors and require heavy manual labour. Our platform combines the flexibility of spreadsheets with the power of automation at scale to ensure 100% error-free calculations and on-time payouts. If you're up for a chat about this and to hear more, I'd be happy to send an invite along accordingly. Email 2: Subject: Ditch spreadsheets and automate sales incentive calculations Hi {First name} Are you still calculating commissions and incentives on multiple spreadsheets for your warehouse workers, delivery partners and customer service executives? As great as these legacy systems are, they are prone to errors. That's why you must modernize the sales incentive process by adopting Compass. Our unified incentive compensation solution provides: · Custom plans for multiple sales team: Design and launch incentive plans with KPIs you want to accelerate, including delivery time, number of orders delivered, ratings, first delivery rate, and more. · Error-free calculations: Save your operations team from making billion-dollar mistakes by centralizing the data across teams like shipping, warehouse, customs, delivery, customer support and more. · Earnings visibility: Your delivery agents travel thousands of kilometres or miles daily to keep your customers happy with on-time delivery. Reward such labour-intensive work with transparency into future earnings. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how to replace all of your spreadsheets under one command centre. Email 3: Subject: Reclaim the time you spent calculating commissions manually. Hi {First name} Stop manual labour, like writing calculation formulas for every new incentive program and catching up with compliance. Focus on crafting strategic commission structures that motivate your delivery networks, warehouse workers, and other stakeholders to drive better business outcomes. To enable this effortlessly, you need Compass because it offers: Pre-built templates: Implement easy-to-use, pre-built Excel-like formulas to launch plans with monthly quotas, quarterly bonuses, etc. Cloning of programs: Clone the commission plans that showed increased quota attainment with maximum profitability. Easy plan editing: Adjust your calculation logic anytime after launch to meet the dynamic market conditions and the organization's revenue goal. Compliance automation: Comply with standards like ASC 606, IFRS 15, and other regulations throughout the incentive plan. How about a quick 15-minute call? I'll show you how you can save your valuable time and spend it on strategic tasks. Email 4: Subject: Motivate the right sales behaviors in your {Company name} Hi {First name} To retain your high-performing sales executives, you need a transparent incentive structure that motivates the right sales behaviour. Building transparent plans with complex incentive structure requires more than spreadsheets or Excel. That's where Compass comes in. Our unified solution provides the: Earnings calculator: Empower reps to calculate their incentives beforehand, enabling them to focus on high-value deals. Plan documents tab: Simplify the complex incentive structures with simple plan documents and provide them in-app. Personalized dashboards: Equip your reps with a mobile app with custom dashboards with respective KPIs to track and improve their performance. How about a quick 15-minute call, and I'll provide you with a personalized demo? Email 5: Subject: 11 reasons why spreadsheets aren’t meant for calculating commissions Hi {First Name} Spreadsheets were never built to calculate incentives but to automate simple mathematical calculations. But Compass is specifically built to configure, optimize, and grow your sales commission and channel incentive programs with a centralized dashboard. Still, we don't like spamming your inbox when you aren't ready to proceed with Compass. Please share your feedback by choosing one of the following reasons: 1. We don't have the budget for this right now. 2. I am not the designated decision-maker for such initiatives. 3. I will need more time to evaluate this and cannot respond now. If your answer is option 2, it would be great if you could connect me with the right person to discuss this! Before we leave, here's a resource that might be helpful for you. https://www.getcompass.ai/ebooks/why-excel-is-not-the-best-for-incentives Outbound email sequence for US | Compass Industry - Logistics Email 1 Subject line: The root cause of slow/fake deliveries and demotivated delivery agents Hi, <Mohit> I see you lead the business function at {Company Name}. Let me ask you this, are commissions working as expected? Commission compensation, the most impactful and largest go-to-market investment, can impact more revenue than any other business lever if managed effectively. If not, it frustrates your delivery staff and affects order fill rates. Xoxoday Compass, an incentive compensation management platform, helps Sales and RevOps teams automate complex commission structures. Don’t take our word for it. See how commission automation can be your most significant sales accelerator . Are you up for a quick chat about how you can make incentive programs the core of your business growth? Best, <Signature> Email 2 Subject line: The cost of not automating commissions | Logistics sales Hi, <first name!> Incentive plans are a great accelerator for your logistics business and can be a great lever to curb fake delivery attempts. But manual incentive programs only breed frustration among your delivery staff and hinder sales. Here’s a short read that delves into The Real Cost of Not Automating Commissions. Failure to automate commissions, if not fatal, can be very costly and cause a lot of time to drain. But it need not be this way. Switch to an automated and transparent way of managing incentives while turbocharging your sales and distribution channels like never before with Compass. Also, I can’t stop myself from sharing this news with you - Xoxoday got featured in the Forrester Channel Software Tech Stack 2021, as one of the top-growing platforms in the Channel Incentives Management segment. If you'd like to explore how Compass can support your company’s use case, let’s schedule a call at a time of your choice. Feel free to block a time on my calendar. Best, <Signature> Email 3 Subject line: Is your commission program empowering your delivery staff enough? Hi, <first name>! I’m here to do a quick follow-up. Did you get a chance to read our ebook on the cost of not automating incentives? Here’s a copy in case you missed it! Unstructured incentive programs and poor communication only confuse your agents due to poor visibility into targets, and earnings leading to high attrition rates. But, with Compass, you can automate and gamify incentive plans, empower delivery agents to own their game with leaderboards, scorecards, points, and badges and instantly reward them for any achievement. Here’s a blog written by Abhishek Kumar, co-founder of Xoxoday , explaining the importance of driver retention and sharing strategies that work. If helping your delivery agents find easier ways to prioritize targets and stay motivated at all times is your priority, let’s have a quick 15-minute chat about this whenever you are free. Best, <Signature> Email 4 Subject line: Automate your commissions to increase your delivery rates Hi, <first name> Last week, I shared an interesting blog written by Abhishek Kumar, the co-founder of Xoxoday . Sharing it here in case the email slipped through the cracks. Also, we’ve been working with Flipkart for a while, and recently they gave us a shoutout. Thought I’d share that with you With Xoxoday Compass, you can reduce the hassles of calculating complex incentives and eliminate errors, so you can disperse accurate payouts to your teams at the right time. As a next step - would you have 15 mins this week, please? I can give a detailed walk-through of Compass and show you how we can engage your sales teams with a simple yet impactful incentive plan. Reply to this email and I’d set up a call. Best, <Signature> Email 5 Subject line: Commission automation for logistics sales Hi, <first name> I understand how swamped you must be managing your teams and helping them hit their sales targets. Automating commission plans need not take much of your time and cost. Especially when you can automate by integrating them with the CRM you use daily. With Compass, you can seamlessly sync your team’s performance data like delivery count and time, fake delivery attempts, inventory-to-sales ratio, CSAT, and more with commission plans and hit the ground running in no time. Here’s everything about integrations you can read. Would you like to know how to sync your existing data with commission plans on Compass? I’d be happy to walk you through the integration process. Best, <Signature> Email 6 Subject line: Perhaps the timing isn’t right | Until we meet again Hi, <first name> Hope you’re doing well, and I apologize for being this persistent. As we haven’t heard back from you, I am assuming you didn’t get time to go through our emails OR Building a robust commission program to grow your logistics business is not a priority for you. However, if you did go through our emails and have any queries regarding the product features or even pricing, kindly let me know. I’d be happy to answer your questions. If not, I completely understand and don’t want to take up any more of your time. I’ll check back in a couple of months to see if our goals are more aligned. Thank you, and stay safe; best, <signature> Outbound email sequence for INDIA | Compass Industry - Logistics Email 1 Subject line: The root cause of slow/fake deliveries and demotivated delivery agents Hi, <Mohit> I see you lead the business function at {Company Name }, and are responsible for growing the business. Let me ask you this, Is one of your largest sales expenses, sales incentives, working as expected? When relationship building is key to your sales growth, an unclear incentive plan frustrates your delivery staff and affects order fill rates and customer satisfaction. While on the other hand, Incentive compensation is the single most impactful go-to-market investment that impacts more revenue than any other business lever – if it’s managed effectively. Xoxoday Compass is an incentive compensation and commission platform for businesses to drive more revenue from their sales and channel teams. We help Sales and Revenue Operations teams design, plan, automate, and streamline complex commission structures. Don’t take our word for it. Know more about how commission automation can be the biggest growth driver for your logistics business. If you are interested to know how you can make incentive programs the core of your business growth, reply to this email or book a free consultation with us here. Best, <Signature> Email 2 Subject line: The cost of not automating commissions | Logistics sales Hi, <first name!> Incentive plans are a great accelerator for your logistics business and can be a great lever to curb fake delivery attempts. But manual incentive programs only breed frustration among your delivery staff and hinder sales. Here’s a short read that delves into The Real Cost of Not Automating Commissions. Failure to automate commissions, if not fatal, can be very costly and cause a lot of time to drain. But it need not be this way. Switch to an automated and transparent way of managing incentives while turbocharging your sales and distribution channels like never before with Compass. Also, I can’t stop myself from sharing this news with you - Xoxoday got featured in the Forrester Channel Software Tech Stack 2021, as one of the top-growing platforms in the Channel Incentives Management segment. If you'd like to explore how Compass can support your company’s use case, let’s schedule a call at a time of your choice. Feel free to block a time on my calendar. Best, <Signature> Email 3 Subject line: Is your commission program empowering your delivery staff enough? Hi, <first name>! I’m here to do a quick follow-up. Did you get a chance to read the ebook about the cost of not automating incentives, I shared in my previous email? Here’s a copy in case you missed it! Also, quick question - are your delivery agents happy with the incentive programs you launched for them, and are they on track with what’s happening? Manually-run incentive programs and poor communication only confuse your agents by providing poor visibility into target, and commission statements and lead to high attrition rates. But, with Compass you can automate and gamify incentive plans, empower delivery agents to own their game with leaderboards, scorecards, points, and badges and instantly reward them for any achievement. Here’s a blog written by Abhishek Kumar, Cofounder of Xoxoday , where he explains the importance of driver retention and shares strategies that work. If helping your delivery agents find easier ways to prioritize targets and stay motivated at all times is your priority, let’s have a quick 15-minute chat about this whenever you are free. Best, <Signature> Email 4 Subject line: Automate your commissions to increase your delivery rates Hi, <first name> Last week, I shared an interesting blog written by Abhishek Kumar, the co-founder of Xoxoday . Sharing it here in case the email slipped through the cracks. Also, we’ve been working with many Indian companies for a while, and DriveU , India’s popular driver service provider, recently gave us a shoutout. Thought I’d share this news with you. Also, Xpressebees , a top logistics specialist company in India, has increased the performance of its 600 sales agents with incentive automation and reduced delivery error rates. Interesting? With Xoxoday Compass, you can reduce the hassles of calculating complex incentives and eliminate errors, so you can disperse accurate payouts to your teams at the right time. As a next step - would you have 15 mins this week, please? I can give a detailed walk-through of Compass and show you how we can engage your sales teams with a simple yet impactful incentive plan. Reply to this email, and I’d set up a call. Best, <Signature> Email 5 Subject line: Commission automation for logistics sales Hi, <first name> I understand how swamped you must be managing your teams and helping them hit their sales targets. I hope the resources and information I shared in my previous emails about growing logistics sales with incentive automation were helpful. Automating commission plans need not take much of your time and cost. Especially when you can automate by integrating them with the CRM you use daily. With Compass, you can seamlessly sync your team’s performance data like delivery count and time, fake delivery attempts, inventory-to-sales ratio, CSAT, and more with commission plans and hit the ground running in no time. Here’s everything about integrations you can read. Also, here’s an interesting read on how Swiggy enhanced engagement among its 2 lac-army delivery executives. “Compass has given us a platform to truly appreciate the hard work of our delivery partners, who are the heart of our operations," says Sachin Kotangale , VP of Operations, Swiggy. Would you like to know how to sync your existing data with commission plans on Compass? I’d be happy to walk you through the integration process. Best, <Signature> Email 6 Subject line: Perhaps the timing isn’t right | Until we meet again Hi, <first name> Hope you’re doing well, and I apologize for being this persistent. As we haven’t heard back from you, I am assuming you didn’t get time to go through our emails OR Building a robust commission program to grow your logistics business is not a priority for you. However, if you did go through our emails and have any queries regarding the product features or even pricing, kindly let me know. I’d be happy to answer your questions. If not, I completely understand and don’t want to take up any more of your time. I’ll check back in a couple of months to see if our goals are more aligned. Thank you, and stay safe; best, <signature> Real Estate Automation - Cadence Email 1: Subject: Modernize Your Commission Process Hi {First name} Is your team still using legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to calculate commission in {company name}, which require too much manpower, are prone to errors and delay the agent payments? If so, I would like to introduce you to Compass, a modern sales commission software. Our platform easily automates even the most complex commission distributions, motivates your agents with real-time earnings visibility, and centralizes transactions without data errors. Would this be of interest to you {first name}? Email 2: (Same email thread) Subject: Reduce time to payroll by 93% Hi {First name} One of the biggest demotivators of your agents, brokers or any real estate sales teams is a delay in receiving their commissions. The delay primarily happens if you use legacy systems like spreadsheets or Excel to manage commissions for your team. With our sales commission platform, Compass, we helped clients go live with their commission plans within weeks and ensured on-time payouts for their sales teams. If this is a pain point you are currently facing, could I send more information? Email 3: (Same email thread) Subject: Compass customer evidence (stats) Hi {First name} I have sent you a few emails regarding Compass, our sales commission platform and how it will help save man-hours, provide data governance and automate complex calculations by replacing error-prone spreadsheets. I wanted to share a few stats about our customer's impact after implementing our solutions: - 70% reduction in time spent managing commissions - 93% reduction in time to payroll - 10X times faster to calculate commissions - 100% accuracy in payouts - 99.7% agent retention If you are interested in learning more about why you should replace spreadsheets (If you already have) with Compass to manage commissions, I can send you a few resources. Please let me know. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Gamification – Cadence Email 1: Subject: Increase property sales with gamified leaderboards Hi {First name} Real estate sales are competitive. What if you could give your sales team an edge? Our sales gamification platform, Compass, can provide the edge by transforming your sales strategy into an engaging and result-oriented process. Consider the benefits: Drive Agent Motivation: Highlight agents' achievements on leaderboards to motivate them to secure listings, complete showings, and close deals. Accelerate Sales Cycles: Enhance agent productivity by gamifying key activities like open houses and negotiations, making the sales process more efficient. Gain Valuable Insights: Gain deep insights into agent performance, client preferences, and market trends, allowing you to make data-driven decisions that boost sales. If you are interested, I can share more details about our solution. Looking forward to hearing from you. Email 2: (Same Email) Subject: Motivate agents to close more deals MANUFACTURING INDUSTRY- For Compass Product- ( CAM ) Xoxoday is a trusted partner for leading manufacturing companies, enhancing their "Rewards, Incentives, and Loyalty" programs. With our AI-powered platform, we help strengthen channel and sales confidence, ultimately boosting revenue. Notable manufacturers, including Wonder Cement, have successfully transformed their programs for: · Influencers (Tertiary Channel) · Retailers & Wholesalers (Secondary Channel) · Distributors & Dealers (Primary Channel) Our modular, AI-driven platform allows you to easily digitize and streamline your "Channel Incentives and Schemes" through these steps: · Sales Data Collection & Verification (via Invoice Upload & QR Codes) · Scheme Publishing & Distribution · Gamification & Analytics (via Milestones, Leaderboards, Trends, Calculators, etc.) · Reward Fulfillment (via Gift Cards, Merchandise, Swag, DBT, etc.) · User Engagement (via WhatsApp, Mobile App, or Web) · Nudges & Prompts · Insights & Reporting I would be happy to schedule a demo and walk you through how our solution can benefit your business. BFSI ( NBFC ), Compass, Sales Incentives (for DSTs & DSAs) - For India CAM Kushal’s version 1 Hi {{ first_name }}, Xoxoday is a trusted partner to dozens of NBFCs to automate & revamp Rewards, Incentives, and Loyalty programs. One of our products “Compass” is used by companies like Mahindra Finance for automating incentive plans for 20,000+ sales teams (DSTs), Sales Agents (DSAs), collections teams, and credit teams. Here are steps and snippets of automation - 1. Data Transformation – Seamlessly link, clean, and transform data from multiple sources to ensure accurate calculations. This ensures zero data errors. 2. Publishing Sales Programs – Automate various schemes like incentives, PIP Programs, team battles, cohort-based schemes, etc. This ensures up to 99% reduction in processing efforts. 3. Gamification – Boost engagement with elements like leaderboards, KPIs, milestones, scorecards, calculators, and performance trends. This ensures 10x better scheme understanding and 90% reduction in queries. 4. Recalculations & Exceptions – Automate approvals, manage thresholds, apply claw-back rules, and track exceptions for better accountability and transparency. This ensures 100% auditable reports with saving upto 10% on incentive spends 5. Simulations & Feedback – Continuously improve incentive programs by simulating different scenarios and collecting real-time feedback. This ensures up to 50% better efficiency of schemes. 6. Timely Interventions – Leverage nudges to address performance gaps, plan schedules, feedback or drive enhancements when needed. Improving incentive qualifiers and performance up to 20%. With over 500 employees across 9 global offices, we are also recognized on G2, Software Advice, Forrester, and Gartner. I’d love to show you how Xoxoday can help streamline all your numeric sales programs. Would you be open to a brief call this week Insurance Outbound email sequence for the US | Compass Industry - Insurance Email 1 Subject line: The root cause of slow policy sales and demotivated agents Hi, <Mohit> I see you lead the business function at {Company Name}. Let me ask you this, are commissions working as expected? Commission compensation, the most impactful and largest go-to-market investment, can impact more revenue than any other business lever if managed effectively. If not, it frustrates your agents and slows your business. Xoxoday Compass, an incentive compensation management platform, helps Sales and RevOps teams automate complex commission structures. Don’t take our word for it. See how commission automation can be your most significant sales accelerator . Are you up for a quick chat about how you can make commission programs the core of your business growth? Best, <Signature> Email 2 Subject line: The real cost of not automating incentives | Insurance sales Hi, <first name!> Is managing incentive plans for your agents, brokers, and POSPs consuming all your time and mind space? Manual incentive programs prevent you from focusing on strategic tasks while frustrating and hindering your agents. Here’s a short read that delves into The Cost of Not Automating Incentives. Failure to automate, if not fatal, can be costly and drain time. But it need not be this way. Switch to an automated and transparent way of managing incentives while engaging, motivating, and delighting your sales team like never before with Compass. If you'd like to explore how Compass can support your company’s use case, let’s schedule a call at a time of your choice. Feel free to block a time on my calendar. Best, <Signature> Email 3 Subject line: Is your incentive program helping or demotivating your agents? Hi, <first name>! I’m here to do a quick follow-up. Did you get a chance to read our ebook on the cost of not automating incentives? Here’s a copy in case you missed it! Unstructured incentive programs and poor communication only confuse your agents due to poor visibility into targets and earnings, leading to high attrition rates. But, there are efficient ways to make your insurance sales exciting. With Compass, you can automate and gamify incentive plans, empower agents to own their game with leaderboards, scorecards, points, and badges and instantly reward them for any achievement. Here’s a blog written by Abhishek Kumar, co-founder of Xoxoday , explaining how Compass can make sales less boring. If helping your agents find easier ways to prioritize targets and stay motivated at all times is your priority, let’s have a quick 15-minute chat about this whenever you are free. Best, <Signature> Email 4 Subject line: Automate your incentives to accelerate your policy sales Hi, <first name> I hope my email didn’t slip through the cracks. While I have you, I thought you might find interest in our work with one of India’s largest online food ordering platforms. We helped them automate and digitize incentives end-to-end. With game-like elements, rewards, recognitions, and complete access to relevant information, we turbocharged their entire 2lacs+ army of delivery agents. With Xoxoday Compass, you can reduce the hassles of calculating complex incentives and fixing errors, to disperse accurate and timely payouts to your teams. Get more insights on delighting your sales team with incentive automation here. As a next step - would you have 15 mins this week, please? I can give a detailed walk-through of Compass and show you how we can engage your sales teams with a simple yet impactful incentive plan. Reply to this email, and I’d set up a call. Best, <Signature> Email 5 Subject line: Incentive automation for insurance sales Hi, <first name> I understand how swamped you must be managing your teams and helping them hit their sales targets. But, I can’t stop myself from sharing this news with you - Xoxoday got featured in the Forrester Channel Software Tech Stack 2021, as one of the top-growing platforms in the Channel Incentives Management segment. Automating incentive and commission plans need not take much of your time and cost. Especially when you can automate them by integrating them with the CRM you use daily. With Compass, you can seamlessly sync your team’s performance data like GWP, key insurance sales, agent activation, referrals, and more with incentive plans and hit the ground running in no time. Here’s everything about integrations you can read. Would you like to know how to sync your existing data with incentive plans on Compass? I’d be happy to walk you through the integration process. Best, <Signature> Email 6 Subject line: Perhaps the timing isn’t right | Until we meet again Hi, <first name> Hope you’re doing well, As we haven’t heard back from you, I am assuming that: Either you didn’t get time to go through our emails OR Building a robust incentive program for your sales team is not a priority for you. However, if you did go through our emails and have any queries regarding the product features or even pricing, kindly let me know. I’d be happy to answer your questions. If not, I completely understand and don’t want to take up any more of your time. I’ll check back in a couple of months to see if our goals are more aligned. Thank you and stay safe, Best, <signature> Outbound email sequence for the IND | Compass Industry - Insurance Email 1 Subject line: The root cause of slow policy sales and demotivated agents Hi, <Mohit> I see you lead the business function at {Company Name }, and are responsible for growing the business. Let me ask you this, Is one of your largest sales expenses, sales incentives, working as expected? In times when relationship building is key to your sales growth, an unstructured and manually-run incentive plan not only dissatisfies your agents and brokers but also slows your business down. While on the other hand, Incentive compensation is the single most impactful go-to-market investment that impacts more revenue than any other business lever – if it’s managed effectively. A good incentive compensation gives you control over this strategic lever – enabling you to systematically design, deploy, and adapt compelling commission plans. Xoxoday Compass is an incentive compensation and commission platform for businesses to drive more revenue from their sales and channel teams. We help Sales and Revenue Operations teams to design, plan, automate, and streamline complex incentive and commission structures. Don’t take our word for it. Know more about how incentive automation can be the biggest growth driver for your Insurance business. If you are interested to know how you can make incentive programs the core of your business growth, reply to this email or book a free consultation with us here. Best, <Signature> Email 2 Subject line: The real cost of not automating incentives | Insurance sales Hi, <first name!> Leading insurance sales is no easy feat. This makes me curious - Is managing incentive plans for your agents, brokers, and POSPs consuming all your time and mind space? Incentive plans are a great accelerator for your insurance business. But manual incentive programs only prevent you from focusing on mission-critical tasks, breed frustration among your agents, and hinder your sales. Here’s a short read that delves into The Real Cost of Not Automating Incentives. Failure to automate incentives, if not fatal, can be very costly and cause a lot of time to drain. But it need not be this way. Switch to an automated and transparent way of managing incentives while also engaging, motivating, and delighting your sales team like never before with Compass. If you'd like to explore how Compass can support your company’s use case, let’s schedule a call at a time of your choice. Feel free to block a time on my calendar. Best, <Signature> Email 3 Subject line: Is your incentive program helping or demotivating your agents? Hi, <first name>! I’m here to do a quick follow-up. Did you get a chance to read the ebook about the cost of not automating incentives, I shared in my previous email? Here’s a copy in case you missed it! Also, quick question - are your agents happy with the incentive programs you launched for them, and are they on track with what’s happening? Unstructured incentive programs and poor communication only confuse your agents by providing poor visibility into target, incentive & commission statements and lead to high attrition rates. But, there are efficient ways to make your insurance sales exciting. With Compass, you can automate and gamify incentive plans, empower agents to own their game with leaderboards, scorecards, points, and badges and instantly reward them for any achievement. Here’s a blog written by Abhishek Kumar, Cofounder of Xoxoday , where he explains how Compass can make sales less boring. If helping your agents find easier ways to prioritize targets and stay motivated at all times is your priority, let’s have a quick 15-minute chat about this whenever you are free. Best, <Signature> Email 4 Subject line: Automate your incentives to accelerate your policy sales Hi, <first name> Last week, I shared an interesting blog written by Abhishek Kumar, the co-founder of Xoxoday . Sharing it here in case the email slipped through the cracks. Also, we’ve been working with many Indian companies for a while, and DriveU , India’s popular driver service provider, recently gave us a shoutout. Thought I’d share this news with you. Also, Xpressebees , a top logistics specialist company in India, has increased the performance of its 600 sales agents with incentive automation and reduced delivery error rates. Interesting? With Xoxoday Compass, you can reduce the hassles of calculating complex incentives and eliminate errors, so you can disperse accurate payouts to your teams at the right time. As a next step - would you have 15 mins this week, please? I can give a detailed walk-through of Compass and show you how we can engage your sales teams with a simple yet impactful incentive plan. Reply to this email, and I’d set up a call. Best, <Signature> Best, <Signature> Email 5 Subject line: Incentive automation for insurance sales Hi, <first name> I understand how swamped you must be managing your teams and helping them hit their sales targets. I hope the resources and information I shared in my previous emails about boosting sales with incentive automation were helpful. Also, I can’t stop myself from sharing this news with you - Xoxoday got featured in the Forrester Channel Software Tech Stack 2021, as one of the top-growing platforms in the Channel Incentives Management segment. Automating incentive and commission plans need not take much of your time and cost. Especially when you can automate by integrating them with the CRM you use daily. With Compass, you can seamlessly sync your team’s performance data like GWP, key insurance sales, agent activation, referrals, and more with incentive plans and hit the ground running in no time. Here’s everything about integrations you can read. Also, here’s an interesting read on how Swiggy enhanced engagement among its 2 lac-army delivery executives. “Compass has given us a platform to truly appreciate the hard work of our delivery partners, who are the heart of our operations," says Sachin Kotangale , VP of Operations, Swiggy. Would you like to know how to sync your existing data with incentive plans on Compass? I’d be happy to walk you through the integration process. Best, <Signature> Email 6 Subject line: Perhaps the timing isn’t right | Until we meet again Hi, <first name> Hope you’re doing well, As we haven’t heard back from you, I am assuming that: Either you didn’t get time to go through our emails OR Building a robust incentive program for your sales team is not a priority for you. However, if you did go through our emails and have any queries regarding the product features or even pricing, kindly let me know. I’d be happy to answer your questions. If not, I completely understand and don’t want to take up any more of your time. I’ll check back in a couple of months to see if our goals are more aligned. Thank you and stay safe, Best, <signature> 